  Baby Mama Wikia 



 Family Guy Wiki Navigation Around Wikia's network Baby Mama is a 2008 comedy film from Universal Pictures written and directed by Michael McCullers and starring Tina Fey, Amy Poehler, Sigourney Weaver, Greg Kinnear, and Dax Shepard.
 When single executive Kate Holbrook (Fey) decides the time is right to finally have a baby, she hires a working-class woman (Poehler) from South Philadelphia to act as her surrogate mother.
 In "420", Stewie Griffin bashes the plotline of the film.  In this version of the film, the baby is stillborn.
  Advertisements  UpscaleHype UPSCALEHYPE  Kanye West & the Baby Mama Jet Kyle O. SUBSCRIBE TO Wanderluste RELATED POSTS: Stay up-to-date with UpscaleHype and get the latest celebrity fashion and lifestyle news. Follow UpscaleHype POPULAR POSTS SHOP Exclusive Interview With The Kings Of Yeezy Media: YeezyTalkWorldWide Kanye West At MSG Yeezy Season 3 Premiere Wears The Life of Pablo Merc... Yeezy Season 3 Review & Complete Lookbook: Akira Influence In Defense Of Kanye’s Recent Look: Color Palette Stunting Kanye West In NYC Wearing Yeezy Season 3 Coat And New Grey/Gum Boost 7... Topics Connect Follow ©  2016 UpscaleHype, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Kanye West has finally joined Twitter (@kanyewest) and what an event it was. I must admit Twitter was meant for him and his personality. He tweeted pics earlier today of himself and Don C styling in suits just before they boarded what he referred to as the “baby Mama Jet”, which was described as the small jet billionaires give to their baby mamas or 1st, 2nd or 3rd wife! Hilarious. Will you be following Mr. West? More pics below. 
 
 oh yes, I think quite a few of us will be, hahaha, kanye is hilarious. kanye looking fresh like always, cant wait for his new album and he just started on twitter today, his tweets are gonna be interesting.. lol WHAT SHOES ARE YE WEARING? THOSE ARE DOPE Ha! Most Definitely! I think Ye is the only Ill Dude who isn’t on Twitter. I think his Tweets are going to be tight. Can’t wait for the Album. G.ettin F.ame K.rew Dats that on the go jet when you don’t want to be in the air to long this remind me of State Property when Maria Carey was like  MARIA:
You gonna make carry those bags all the way here motherfucker first of all you promise me a G4 not a challenger I might as be flying couch that like thousand dollar fine right there (Cha Ching) And dry ass food we I had you better take me to Mr. Cho for some squabe cause that shit was disgusting Cha Ching) And look at my boots these are my favorite boots cause that dumb ass flight attended spilled Avion all over my boots that another five grand for my boots(cha ching) Step your game up please you taking me shopping  DAME DASH:(Whisper) Nice to see you to now get your ass in the car I guess that shit happens to him in real life too (LOL) “Baby Mama Jet” Ha! Thats ill! I can’t wait til I get a “baby mama jet.” Does a “Baby Mama Whip” count though? Fuck it, I say it does. Ha! G.ettin F.ame K.rew SUU WUUUU! hahah OH MY GOD! it’s so fucking awesome..the hype is building up towards the new album..it’s gonna be fucking crazy!
Yo, anybody seen how Ye’ is now into old antic roman stuff? look at the pictures on twitter!
it’s so fucking arrogant, but so fucking amazing. LOVE IT Kanye west always been into art he went to a performance art school as a kid and won every contest then he got a scholarship to a performing arts university then got transford to Chicago University were he dropped out to become this legend that he is now
Here’s a pic of he’s art and drawing
ART:http://www.scritchandscratch.com/img/scritch/kanyou.jpg DRAWING ART:
http://www.individualsole.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/kanye-west-air-yeezy-drawing.jpg Neyo can draw he’s ass of too he went to art school and university he mostley do Anima and Graffiti I saw it on a BET documentry he was on that R.Kelly tour couldn’t find any pictures of he’s art but did found one of him drawing. NEYO:http://tweetphoto.com/12579579 Timmy Too Fly YOU REALLY THINK YOU CAN AFFORD AEROPLANE GET REAL KID YOU AINT SHIT LITTLE NIGG# OUT OF ITS MIND LOL A yo Timmy that 9th comment is that copy cat mother fucker I was talking about using my name MY NAME! So the reponse to the wannabe CrazyMTF from me I wanna say fuck you and you ain’t shit trying to use someone else name to get fame eat off your own fucking plate nigga cause the selfish is the ones that get beat with a shellfish. DEUCE! Here’s a picture the copycat might enjoy a invitation from me to you
then you see who the real CRAZY MOTHERFUCKER http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3320/3254515091_5f95e52f4d.jpg?v=0 YYEAH…kanye and all that!
but thast my boy leanin on the plane!!!  by Allen Onyia © 2016 UpscaleHype, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  GHETTO-U-T: Granny Katherine Finally Kicks Jermaine And Randy’s Skanky Baby Mama To The Curb Comments Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Find us on YouTube Trending Search Keywords:
					
 Celebrities Topics Celebrities News Exclusives Videos Photos Info Topic Results We Broke It Here First!
Dirty Dog Diaries
Jesus Take The Wheel
New Couple???
Put on Blast
Race Matters
 2015 Bossip Awards: Couples Who Won’t Be Around Next Year [Video] 2015 Bossip Awards: STFU Category… Featuring Raven Symone, Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Meek Mill And More! 2015 Bossip Awards: Who Wins The Dirty Dog Of The Year Honors? [Video] Alano Miller & Renwick Scott Explain Color Issues In The South And Talk Characters On “Underground” [Video] Exclusive Beef Explained: Jennifer Williams Breaks Down The Problem With Claudia Jordan On “Next 15” (Don’t Be Scared) [Video] #LHHATL Exclusive: Erica Dixon Talks Restraining Order Against No-Child Support Paying Little Scrappy [Video] End Of Days: Creepy Preacher Talks New Money, Little Girl Receiving His Gifts, And Sings “How Dumb Thou Are!” [Video] Pastor Manning On Black Lives Matter Suicide “It Is A Demon Inspired Org” [Video] Brotherman’s Girlfriend Is Angry He Spent $5000 On Suicide Doors For The Cadillac [Video] Jason Derulo Drops Music Video Starring K. Michelle “Naked” [Video] VV Brown Drops Whiteface Music Video “Sacrifice” And Loses White Fans.. [Video] For Valentines Day: Meelah “Stupid In Love” [Video] Exclusive Shots Fired: Real Housewives Of Potomac’s Karen Throws Shade At Gizelle [Video] Exclusive: Stevie J Gives DBS The Real On Threesome With Mimi Faust & Joseline Hernandez [Video] DBS Exclusive: ‘Growing Up Hip Hop’ Cast Talk Peen Picks, Yo Gotti Sliding In Angela Simmons’ DM’s, And More [Video] If You Missed It Last Night… Here’s Why You Need To Watch The PBS Black Panther Party Documentary Film [Video] #LHHNY’s Amina Buddafly Talks Peter Gunz “I Never Took Him Back After Impregnating Tara” [Video] Wendy Williams’ Hot Topics Grammy Recap: Says Rihanna Pulled Out Because She’s Scared Of Beyonce! [Video]  We’re not gonna talk about the fact that Katherine Jackson raised a pair of sons that would have kids with the same woman. Or that she’s taking care of this trifling, free-loading broad. We’re gonna take the positive approach and applaud Granny Katherine for looking out for her grandbabies’ best interest. TMZ reports Ms. Jackson is using some house work to finally get skanky-azz Alejandra Oaziaza – mother of two sons and a daughter by Randy Jackson, as well as two of Jermaine’s sons – out of the family compound. TMZ has learned … everyone is moving out of the Jackson family compound in Encino while the house undergoes extensive renovations … and when the dust settles, another Jackson 5 will be personae non gratae. We’ve learned Katherine Jackson and company are in the process of packing boxes and will leave the family home in early December for several months during the remodel.   But there’s a bigger story here.  As TMZ first reported, after the infamous “stun gun” incident at the home — in March, when Jaafar allegedly threatened to shock Blanket — Katherine asked Jaafar’s mother, Alejandra, to take her 5 kids and move. As we told you, Katherine and the Michael Jackson Estate generously offered Alejandra and her brood a condo MJ owned in the San Fernando Valley, but Alejandra wanted a lot more — thus the stand off. Now we’re told Katherine is not letting Alejandra back in the house after the remodel.  The condo offer still stands, but if she doesn’t accept she’ll have to find somewhere else to live with Jaafar, Jermajesty, Dante and Randy, Jr. But one of Alejandra’s kids is getting a reprieve from Katherine.  We’re told 20-year-old Genevieve will be staying with Katherine and Michael’s kids in a temporary home during the remodel, and she will be the lone child of Alejandra who will be welcomed back to Hayvenhurst. Wait. We know Jermaine claims he’s too broke. But explain to us again why RANDY isn’t taking care of his three kids??? Jermajesty?!
REALLY?!
smh :-( I swear…that name is almost as dumb as Jermaines hair. This is one trashy baby mama. that was Oprah’s exact response when she meet him. lol Katherine’s heart is entirely to big…  I love this , So does– My boyfriend. I met him via —AffluentSingle ℃○M— a nice place for seeking _Rich romance and love, which gives you a chance to make your life better and open opportunities for you to meet the attractive sin gles and treat you like a king or Queen. Maybe you wanna check it out or tell your friends. @@@ ;) ;)  Hope you will find your true love there since thousands of singles have successed there… It’s about time she kind that hoe out of her house. That trick needs to get a damn job and rental and take care of her 5 kids..what Ms.Jackson got to do with that. And Randy and Jermaine need to take care of they damn kids..she bout to get hers that skank Jermajesty has to be one of the top 10 Ultimate Ghetto Baby Names. This whole family is a bunch of loons.Sorry but truth is truth,how the h3ll does a woman have babies with 2 brothers??So that means the kids are siblings and cousins..therapists make alot of money with that family.. I think the bigger question is how does two brothers have kids by the same woman??? And Im suppose to believe this because it was on TMZ? The 411 been out there for a minute about this situation w/ them 2 bros. b4 TMZ was in existence. This family is faqed! Look at Jermaine’s California Raisin looking azz with a side of MR. Potato head LMBAO BWAHAHAHAHAAAAA! ;-) LAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWLLLLLL OMG!!!!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOL. That is hilarious!!!!! It’s the truth but wow, Jermaine’s gotta knows he looks unreal! HA…HILARITY… FOR REALS SHE SHOULD BE LIKE THE GOLD DIGGING JUMP OFF QUEEN LOL HOW TO YOU GET 3 GOLDEN TICKETS FROM THAT FAM …LOL . Randy doesn’t have 3 kids.  What from that story made you think the daugher we never heard of was his?  All it means is that ho got 3 baby dadies.  At least she is well behaved enough to be allowed to stay.  I think Katherine should kick her azz out too. OOOh! So the daughter got a diff. baby daddy? Dannnnnng!!
How did the fam put up w/ that mess? Being Jehovah and all. Huh. Wow, this is one crazy baby mama, kids w/two brothers. Just gross yuck. No respect for oneself, period… I AGREE… that broad is truly a skank with no morals at all! Randy and Jermaine have none either, but this skank is the one who slept with two  brothers.. what a w.h.o.r.e.! good riddance to bad rubbish!! Good job katherine!! Brotheousins are the bizzness LMBAO Jermaine needs to put some respect into his children, with his totem pole looking face. haaaaaaaa! totem pole! now dat’s some funny $hit!! @humbruh and @Matix b bwhahahahahahaaaahahahahahahha! I can’t not today! Lol I can’t either  LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL LMBAO Mom I want to play with my Brousin  LMBAO Aww d*mn, brousins, thats way fvckd up!!!! looking like a black Ronald Regan minus the dignity Dignity? Ronald Regan?
geeeeeeh the fck outta here! It was a joke hun. they both lack dignity “I swear…that name is almost as dumb as Jermaines hair.”
– JECCA111 LMBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Hahahahahahahaaa! Shouldn’t have read this at work! LMBOOOOO! this tramp shouldn’t have never been lving with their mama anyway! it’s like these dudes continue to dump their problems on Katherine! The babymama is a big ole mulloto no! skank azz probably never worked. stank welfare ho!  
Ronaldo's baby mama is revealed
 Footballer's one-night stand with penniless waitress ends with baby and £10million paternity bill 
Lohan leaves jail for hospital
 
SHE'S COLE-AXED
 Recently Published Previous Articles Related Tags Recommended in UK News 
Most Read in News
 Recommended on the Mirror Like us on Facebook Get daily news by email Inquests Police Meningitis Police CCTV Gwyneth Paltrow Dolphins Murder trial Iain Duncan Smith Babies 

Supernatural

 

Dating

 

public sex

 

Paris attacks

 

Love

 Inquests Police Meningitis Police CCTV Arsenal FC Chelsea FC AFC Bournemouth Manchester United FC Zlatan Ibrahimovic THE mother of Cristiano ­Ronaldo’s baby is a ­penniless American waitress who the football star seduced with the line: “Me, you, f*** f***.” But his chat-up line was so blunt, she didn’t understand it. So Ronaldo ­resorted to drawing a love heart on a misted-up window and said: “Me, you, kiss!” Then he whisked her back to his hotel for a one-night stand which left the girl pregnant – and Ronaldo with a £10million paternity bill. Most of the world believed that ­Ronaldo had actually used a surrogate mother to have his baby – but the Sunday Mirror can reveal the truth of his sudden ­unexpected fatherhood. And how, after hearing the baby was his, he told friends “I feel like Boris Becker” – a reference to the tennis star who fathered a love-child after having sex just once in a London restaurant – which cost him £20m.  











Video loading













Click to play



The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started








 The £200,000-a-week striker used his best friend to help broker an exclusive ­paternity deal in New York, supervised by his fearsome mother Dolores Aveiro, to bring the baby back to Portugal. Ronaldo has told friends he won’t tell the boy the identity of his mother until his 18th birthday. Football fans reacted with disbelief when Ronaldo, whose conquests include socialite Paris Hilton and reality TV star Imogen Thomas, suddenly ­announced on July 3 that he had a son. In a cryptic message posted on Facebook, he told how the baby’s ­mother wanted to remain private and ­declared: “My son will be under my exclusive guardianship.” He later said the baby had been named Cristiano after him. And the little boy’s mother has been paid a life-changing $15.1million to keep her identity ­confidential and to hand the child over to Ronaldo’s ­family. Last summer, on a trip to Los ­Angeles that would see him hooking up with Paris Hilton, ­Ronaldo ­strutted into a restaurant and spotted the future mother of his son. A friend said: “Ronni looked the girl in the eye and said extremely directly: ‘Me, you, f*** f***.’ “She was taken aback and just said: ‘What!’ She didn’t actually understand what he meant. She was totally nonplussed “The window by his table was steamed up, so he drew a love heart on it with his finger. Then he said, ‘Me, you, kiss,’ and the penny dropped. “That’s typical Ronni – he pretends his English is terrible when it suits him, and he comes straight to the point. It was just yet another one-night stand and Ronnie assumed he would never see her again.” But after finding out she was pregnant, and convinced Ronaldo was the only possible father, the woman tracked him down through his agent, Jorge Mendes. Mendes told Ronaldo, who immediately told his no-nonsense mother Dolores, 55, and sisters Elma, 34, and 33-year-old Liliana Cátia. It was agreed that Ronaldo would give DNA for a paternity test once the baby was born and provide support for the mother and child if it proved to be his.The friend revealed: “Cristiano was told the result while he was away at the World Cup.” And then Dolores stepped in. The friend said: “Ronni is a multi-millionaire playboy, but when it comes to family, he’s very much his mother’s son. “They are a close-knit, traditional ­Roman Catholic family and the minute paternity was established there was absolutely no doubt that Ronni would be doing the right thing. “There was simply no question of him walking away. Even if he had wanted to, Dolores just would not have entertained it for one moment. “This is her grandchild and there was only one option for the child’s upbringing – with her and her daughters in Portugal. The child’s mother would be properly provided for to enable her to live a life in keeping with the upbringing the child will have. “Ronni has not decided whether to involve the mother in his son’s life. He thinks he might tell him who she is. “Dolores’s view is that if the child eventually decides to make contact with the mother, it is important she is living an affluent lifestyle. “It would offend Dolores for the child to find his mother living in poverty. “It’s a huge amount of money, but Ronni insists it’s not a big deal because he’s worth £100million and he’s got the best part of his career ahead of him still.” Despite being voted FIFA Player of the Year in 2009 and moving to Real Madrid from Manchester United for a record-breaking £80million last year, Ronaldo had a poor World Cup in South ­Africa. Tipped to be one of the mega-stars of the tournament, he scored just once in five games, prompting speculation about his indifferent form. But his friend insisted: “Ronni said was pleased to become a father, even though he hadn’t planned to have the child. He hasn’t even told his closest friends who the mother is. I had guessed she was a Bunny Girl from Vegas, but she isn’t a well-known party girl or socialite. She had hardly a dime to her name until she was paid by Ronni.” Meanwhile ­Ronaldo has shown no sign of curbing his womanising. A source said: “This week he has on ­Facebook contacting women who will talk dirty. “He is ­determined to be the best father he can – but he doesn’t equate that with having to settle down.” This week the public got a glimpse of the child when the baby was rushed to hospital after suffering a mystery illness at home in the Algarve.  adrian.butler@sundaymirror.co.uk   Free Daily Email 

Ten Words Trending Now

 

Alphabetical List

 
Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning!
 Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you.  The other "baby mama"... Comments (7) Badge nomination  Related Photo Clubs Related Groups Please sign in Get Help Membership & Newsletters BabyCenter Shortcuts BabyCenter Mobile Our U.S. Sites Our International Sites Kind of a long post...and sorry if it seems a little choppy. My boyfriend and I have been together for a good minute, and he already has a son. I'm currently 6 months pregnant. Before I was pregnant, I helped take care of my boyfriend's son when he was at work or had to do something. His son and his mother live in another state, so although he gets to see his son maybe once a month, it's only for a short period of time that he can actually keep him. When he told his son's mom about having another child on the way, she got really upset about it. They had her son a birthday party in May, and she told him that he better not bring his other baby mama. Sure, I felt some type of way because I love her son like he was my own, and I helped take care of him when he was here BUT I let it go and even paid for a photographer for the party even though I wouldn't be there (because ultimately it's about his son, not me or her). Her not wanting me there threw me off a little afterward because she sent a Mother's Day card to me through my boyfriend (the party was the day before Mother's Day). Kind of confused me... We don't know each other. Never spoke before. But we have seen each other once, which was a very unfortunate situation. She came from out of state to pick up her son on Father's Day from my boyfriend. She just walked in the church, sat for a few moments, and left. My dilemma is this...I want my son to know his brother. I wouldn't mind letting my boyfriend take him to go see his big brother some times, but I do want to know who he will be around when he goes. I would really like to get to know her, but I don't know if it's too soon or what. I have really thought about trying to contact her, but I don't want her first reaction to be that she thinks I'm trying to be messy or trying to start drama so automatically shut my efforts to get to know her down. Would you go ahead and make that effort or just leave it alone until she comes to me? Or how would you deal with this situation? your efforts are genuine, and if SHE is not off on some messy BS, she will see and respect that.  If she doesn't, it's her problem.  Sonja, Team Pink Mommy X 2!!  Layla & Antonia 8/19/10  "Children are not poons in the game of life" - Somebody's Moooooo I THINK YOUR being very mature about it! lol! i told my sons father that the only ways my son withh know his borther and sister is if he ships them to me for a few weeks! lol! cause ill be damned if im sending my zaky out there! lmao! football_lady, girl I know how you feel,lol...that's why I want to know who my baby is going to be around first because otherwise they will just have to see each other when he comes to visit his dad. you are very mature... and sound so sincere... my BF also has another daughter... she's 6... I never met her mom... we don't talk... if I answer the phone we will ...but other than that... no conversation...but their daughter comes over to spend time with her dad... now that we have our babygirl... their daughter is so excited to meet her...I'm not sure how her mom feels... my babygirl will not be going to her sister's house... she has no reason to... I don't know the other baby moma... so I will not let my daughter go somewhere where I don't know the people... I would have to meet her first... I think my BF's baby moma should have demanded to meet me years ago...I'm not going to break my neck trying to start a relationship with the baby moma... we have to be cordial for the kids sake... but we don't have to be on facebook sharing photos... LOL... I would ask your BF what he thinks about it... sometimes women will take what you meant as a good gesture and turn it into something messy and you had nothing but good intentions... good luck to you...let me know how it turns out... but don't stress over it... take care of you and your baby            mommy to Siedah Denyice 6/29/10 ~Roberta~ I think you are being very mature about the whole situation...my hubby has a son who is 6 and although I have met the baby mama we do not talk....if she calls and I answer its very give hubby the phone...I agree with  Roberta...she should have demanded to meet me and get to know me years ago...especially since I was around her son all the time...anyhow she didn't and now she feels awkward around me.... I do not think your child should go to her house to visit with his other sibling...my LO only sees my hubby's son when he comes to visit us....that's just how it goes when you are in a blended family type situation.... Don't stress on her...she sounds like she still needs to grow up I think that your BF has the onus of establishing how everything should go down, after all HE is the reason that all this has come about.  I think that your apprehensions are normal, but you don't know how real they are until you've talked to your BF.  If HE doesn't know how she feels about the whole situation, he needs to find out.  I wouldn't send my child with him if he's not able to assure you of your child's safety and being free from any negative drama... I'm in a similar situation myself...DH has a 6 year old daughter...I've been with him for 4 years...Though he and his baby mama were never a couple, they were always cordial and cool with each other.  His girl friend before me that he dated for 2 years she didn't have issues with, etc.  I have never met her because by the time it was time for me to meet his daughter (after an agreed 6 months of dating) he proposed...When he told baby mama that he was getting married, she flipped out went to court accused him of raping her, having guns, selling drugs, etc...She went to try to get his parental rights revoked...It didn't work (she acted a nut...they had to threaten to actually have her physically removed she acted such a fool), but it has made for some seriously strained relations...She went from calling him 24/7 and him seeing his daughter anytime along with his court appointed time to communications being through text messages and him having their pick ups and drop offs at the police station because she's tried to fight him and has acted a fool in public...Sooo THIS is the extreme, and I'm not sure if your situation is remotely THIS crazy, but DH has managed EVERYTHING as it pertains to his daughter and her mother...He has told her that until she gets some serious "act right" she wont be able to meet me...Period...We've been together for 4 years, and she STILL hasn't met me, and we live in the same city...DH isn't playing, and I support him... So I said all that to say get your BF involved.  He should be managing this.  It shouldn't be as stressful to you as it is...HE should be taking a leadership role in the relations between his children's mothers... Shiloh Xavier born 11/9/2009 at 9:07p.m Judah Elyse born 5/4/2013 at 2:02p.m Thank you ladies! I agree with all of you. Mom2Shiloh, girl that's REAL extreme,lol. She has showed herself a few times, but it was nothing to take serious...all of her threats are idle. But I will definitely have to bring it up to him and see how things go from there.         HOT TOPIC: IS THE TERM BABY MAMA(DADDY) DEMEANING?   Leave a Reply Cancel reply WHEN AND HOW TO HAVE THE BIRDS AND THE BEES TALK CUSTODY WOES: TAMIKA FULLER AND CHIEF KEEF INSTACUTIE(S): WOLF LEE, URIAH BUSH, MEGAA GRANDBERRY AND MORE MARSAI MARTIN AND MILES BROWN STOP BY ‘THE REAL’ SIMILAR ARTICLES Around the Web NO COMMENTS 

					PHOTOS: ZENDAYA LAUNCHES SHOE LINE WITH STAR-STUDDED PARTY					
 

					HARPER TILLMAN INTERVIEWS WITH ‘MINI MAVEN’ MAGAZINE					
 

					PHOTOS: SOPHIA PIPPEN DOES ‘CONCERT CHIC’ SHOOT FOR HOOLIGAN’S MAGAZINE					
 

					PHOTOS: BLACK-ISH STARS ATTEND 16TH ANNUAL AFI EVENT					
 

					GALLERY: SIRE JACKSON IS A BIG CITY KID					
 MAMA GURU MAMARAZZI CUTIE ALERT  Urbandictionary.com defines the term Baby Mama to mean: “The mother of your child(ren), whom you did not marry and with whom you are not currently involved.” In 2008, when a major news organization used the term “Baby Mama” to describe First Lady Michelle Obama, many people took offense, and rightly so. Afterall, the first lady is a married woman. A writer for Essence.com recently wrote an article in salute to all “baby mommas”. Writer Steven James Dixon, who is a married man, says that he wrote his salute “on behalf of all men who know that they could have given extra effort during pregnancy with their wife or woman. I wrote this on behalf of all men who were not as sensitive during the pregnancy as they could have been. So, men, we may need to apologize and we definitely need to appreciate our baby mommas! Mother’s Day is about celebrating them. They deserve to be celebrated every year. Plan accordingly for Mother’s Day.” Click here to read James’ article in its entirety. Given Steven’s positive spin on the term, do you think the words  Baby Mama(Daddy) demeaning?  
 
 
  

    Story tools Comments Related Articles Professional Baby Mama a Dumb Career Choice Family-Based visas To Change with Immigration Reform Seven API Candidates Aim to Topple Incumbents, Stake a Claim In August Primary Justice for Trayvon Ignites a New Movement, Say Activists  How Solitary Confinement in Pelican Bay Almost Drove Me Mad  Court System Fails Poor in Michigan Breaking the Teen Mom Tradition 
var m = [
    "Jan",
    "Feb",
    "Mar",
    "Apr",
    "May",
    "Jun",
    "Jul",
    "Aug",
    "Sep",
    "Oct",
    "Nov",
    "Dec"
];
var d = new Date();
var t = "Today is: " + m[d.getMonth()] + " " + d.getDate() + ", " + d.getFullYear();
var x = document.createTextNode(t);
var y = document.getElementById('nam-today-is');
y.appendChild(x);
 Comments 
A
A
AResize
                 Print Share and Email Black America Web,


News Report,



Tonyaa Weathersbee,
        
    
 Posted: Sep 15, 2010
 You must be logged tin to leave a comment Posted Sep 15 2010 I agree. I can only imagine what it is going to be like when Cromartie retires from pro football and he does not have the money to pay child support for all those kids. I think that these women thought that by hooking up with him they would be living the good life, but unfortunately, it does not happen that way. He needs to grow up and be a father to his kids. What he really needs is a mentor to help him to be the father that he never had. I agree. I can only imagine what it is going to be like when Cromartie retires from pro football and he does not have the money to pay child support for all those kids. I think that these women thought that by hooking up with him they would be living the good life, but unfortunately, it does not happen that way. He needs to grow up and be a father to his kids. What he really needs is a mentor to help him to be the father that he never had. Disclaimer: Comments do not necessarily reflect the views of New America Media. NAM reserves the right to edit or delete comments. Once published, comments are visible to search engines and will remain in their archives. If you do not want your identity connected to comments on this site, please refrain from commenting or use a handle or alias instead of your real name.  Asian American citizens trying to bring overseas family members to the States may face setbacks…  Seven API candidates, five of whom are female, look to make waves in the August…  (FinalCall.com) - Angry protestors took the streets with demonstrations, marches, “read-ins,” and prayer vigils in…  Michael Cabral has served ten years on a 15-Life sentence for murder, beginning when…  Fifty years ago, an eloquent drifter from Florida changed the American justice system. Clarence Earl… While there are many family traditions I hope to pass down to my children one… New America Media, 209 9th Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103  Jesse James' Baby Mama Begs Sandra to Keep Their Child You may also like Recent from Maureen O'Connor Why You Should Care About Apple’s Fight With the FBI Everything That Was Too Expensive to Include in Deadpool How Tennessee’s Head Trainer Took Control Of The Allegations Against Peyton Manning I Can&apos;t Stop Looking at This Weird Chinese Goat: Circus Tightrope Edition Gawker Bathroom Anxieties: An Internal Monologue Fuck Everyone, I&apos;m Out: The Best Unfounded Rumors I Heard While Working at Gawker  Won't somebody save tragic ragamuffin Sunny James? Her father has three mistresses on the record, now. Lady Gaga contemplates dying on stage. Tiger Woods courted LeAnn Rimes. Brad Pitt talks about his beard. Thursday gossip has orphans and a widow.  Yung Berg's Baby Mama Puts Him On Front Street! Blasts Him For Never Seeing His 1st Born 7yr Old Son Who Has Autism! "Your A Sorry Excuse For A Man. Im So Embarrassed To Be Associated With Your Punk Azz. Step Up & Take Care Of My Son" RECOMMENDED VIDEOS SPONSORED CONTENT Beanna "Yung Bergs Baby Mother" calls him out for not taking care of his 1st born child
Follow her on twitter @ladybeannam 
Facebook/mcferrenbeanna 
For bookings email mcferrenbeanna@yahoo.com Please click the “Report” button below if the video on this page is not working properly. Report this video! NEVERMIND, TAKE ME BACK Thanks! Your cooperation in making Worldstar a better site is always appreciated. Our team will now look into fixing this error. Embedding Options (Click to copy)  Tiger Woods Alleged Baby Mama -- He Gave Me Gifts! Tiger's Alleged Baby Mama -- He Gave Me Gifts! SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS More Tiger Woods You may like Bleacher Report AROUND THE WEB Around The Web 



1








          6/20/2010 9:00 PM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 Manny Pacquiao Wearing Nike  
More Trending News »
 Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  
                            Khloe Kardashian And Lamar Odom's Baby Mama Drama                         Women With Bigger Butts Have Smarter Kids, Says Science People Who Wear Crazy Socks Are Smart, Successful, And Revolutionary She Tells Her Grandma She's Been Cheated On. Grandma Says Do THIS. If You're Brave Enough To Love, You're Strong Enough To Get Over Him "Just Kiss!" (And More Advice From A Pair Of Old Lovebirds) 5 Sex Toys You NEED To Make Your Orgasms Incredible 20 Love & Heartbreak Quotes From The Wisest Man On Instagram 12 Reasons Cat Ladies Make The BEST Wives  8 Ways People With Abusive Parents Love Much Differently The REAL Reason Introverts Absolutely Hate Small Talk Want a good laugh, cry or hug? We deliver all 3 every day! Sign In Sign in featured follow us Sign in categories featured follow us From our Partners Explore YourTango MOST POPULAR MOST POPULAR Must-See Videos Trending Expert Advice POPULAR BLOGS JOIN Links ABOUT EXPERTS Share this article Lamar sues his ex-girlfriend, Liza Morales, over custody of their two kids.   © 2016 by Tango Media Corporation All Rights Reserved. 
  



 
	Baby Mama Drama       So you meet the guy. He's tall, handsome, has an amazing personality, beautiful smile and overall just an all-around nice guy. You go out on a few dates and really get to know each better, then somewhere in the conversation he finds the courage to tell you he has a beautiful baby girl or boy. However, the downside to that is he has an insanely crazy baby mama! What do you do? Do you run straight for the hills or do you sit down and weigh out the pro’s and con’s of the situation? The fact of the matter is, we live in a time where more and more children are being brought into this world out of wedlock, leaving the mother and/or father to carry along excess baggage into a relationship. Not saying this is a bad thing, but how many of us truly want to enter a relationship knowing at one time or another we will have to deal with our partner’s ex on a consistent basis—and usually not on good terms?  Don't get me wrong; there are many ex’s that can end their relationships and still be amicable with one another when it comes to raising their child. However, what do you do when your partner’s ex refuses to let go of the past and becomes a strain on your current relationship? Playing devil’s advocate for the baby mama, I can see how hurt she could be seeing her ex move on with his life and she not being able to do the same for various reasons. Maybe she’s regretting decisions that she made on her end; maybe she feels he will begin to shun away from his child, or maybe she’s scared of the idea of being alone in general. Nevertheless, many women that find themselves in this position somehow convince themselves that by having these notions they are given permissible grounds to present their old flames with pure hell in their future relationships—ultimately affecting you, the new lady in their life.  While streaming the internet, I found numerous sites, support groups and blogs dedicated to helping new significant others deal with their partner’s baby mama drama. There’s babymamadrama.com, weuse2beu.com and even a how-to guide on wikihow.com - a spin off of the popular wikipedia.com. These sites include women from across the country reaching out to one another giving support, advice and a listening ear, testifying to the daily struggles that come with dating a man with children.  In the end, they all end their conversations with the hard question that many women have to ask themselves during their relationship. Is he truly worth the baby mama drama? Let’s look at the pro’s and con’s of the situation: The Con’s:  * Dealing with the eye rolls and catty comments being said in his ex’s camp. * The possibilities that she will have their child be disrespectful towards you whenever you are around. * Knowing that sometimes you will not be the number one priority in the relationship. * And unfortunately, sometimes having to calm yourself down when you know your partner’s ex is maliciously and spitefully finding ways to sabotage the wonderful relationship you and your partner possess.  The Pro’s: *Appreciating the genuine relationship your partner has with his child. Nine times out of ten, it will reflect the relationship he will have with your children should your relationship move to that level.  * Seeing how hard he is trying to keep all parties involved happy and content.  * Realizing that aside for this one obstacle, everything else in your relationship is seemly great. * And finally, understanding that we all have special circumstances when entering a relationship. Should you chose to stay it proves you are willing to accept him for who he is and what he’s bringing to the table. That includes, taking the good with the bad and working towards a loving and productive future with one another.     When all else fails remember the five tips wikihow.com reminds every new partner to take into consideration when dealing with the baby mama drama: 1. Remember, the mother is a woman, a person, with emotions just like you. Although this is one tip we all try to forget, remember the golden rule! Treat others the way you want to be   treated, regardless of how they may treat you.  2. Realize, the mother (probably) is NOT going anywhere. Again another hard pill to swallow, but a reality nonetheless. If you are in your relationship for the long haul, you have to realize she is now apart of your life in one shape or another. Find a constructive way to deal with her.  3. If at all possible, try and talk to the baby mama. Even though this idea can seem far-fetched, sometimes having a sit down conversation with the mother can help clear the air and show that you are trying to be respectful to her and their child. Reassuring her that you are not trying to take her place, but rather thinking of the child’s best interest. Additionally, showing that by giving her this type of respect you are expecting the same in return.  4. When everything else fails - let your man BE a man. Remember at the end of the day, your man has to deal with the mother as a means of raising their child together. Imagine how hard it is for him trying to keep the peace amongst everyone involved in the situation. Sometimes we have to let a man BE a man in order to show we have faith in him and in his decision-making skills.  5. Lastly, assert how you feel. Communication is key! Let your partner know how you feel. Your feelings are just as valid as his. By keeping an open and honest relationship, you are better able to assess obstacles together, stand firm when troubles seem to be lurking around the corner, and most importantly, work together as a team when such baby mama drama may occur.  In closing, ladies, remember we are too fabulous and divinely favored to let such drama take over our lives. When dating a man with children, take a good look at the entire picture. Is he truly worth the possible baby mama drama or are you ready to put in work to make sure your relationship is a prosperous union between the two of you? Yes, the decision is all yours, but it is a decision that shouldn’t be taking lightly….  Until next time stay blessed, beautiful and fabulous!   Don't forget to  visit the Glossy Blog!    Lauren’s Facts: Lauren Jackson is a new GMO contributor. She can be contacted at 

 <!--
 var prefix = 'm&#97;&#105;lt&#111;:';
 var suffix = '';
 var attribs = '';
 var path = 'hr' + 'ef' + '=';
 var addy27180 = '&#101;d&#105;t&#111;r' + '&#64;';
 addy27180 = addy27180 + 'gl&#111;ssm&#97;g&#97;z&#105;n&#101;&#111;nl&#105;n&#101;' + '&#46;' + 'c&#111;m';
 document.write( '<a ' + path + '\'' + prefix + addy27180 + suffix + '\'' + attribs + '>' );
 document.write( addy27180 );
 document.write( '<\/a>' );
 //-->
 
 <!--
 document.write( '<span style=\'display: none;\'>' );
 //-->
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 <!--
 document.write( '</' );
 document.write( 'span>' );
 //-->
 .    -Photo by GMO Photo Editor Billy Montgomery             © 2006-2014 GMO Media, LLC. All rights reserved.All images contained on Glossmagazineonline.com that are not original creations of the online publication are publicity photos,special permission grants and/or believed to be in the public domain. In the event that there is a problem and/or an improper useof a copyrighted image, the break of the copyright is unintentional and noncommercial. If this occurs, the material will beremoved from Glossmagazineonline immediately.  Joannawillis's Blog Archives Email Subscription Joanna Willis Tips To Avoid Baby Mama Drama Categories Recent Posts Share this: Like this: Related 10 Responses to “Tips To Avoid Baby Mama Drama” Leave a Reply Cancel reply Follow “Joannawillis's Blog” Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 381 other followers  





 
  RSS - Posts Every day in America 4,184 babies are born to unmarried mothers (State of America’s Children 2008 Report). With this stat we know that the odds of a woman dating or marrying a man with a child(ren) is high. Having a partner with children can be very challenging for many reasons but today’s topic is baby mama drama. If your partner’s baby’s mama is mature, understanding, a good parent or if she has a relationship with the Lord, that’s awesome and you should consider yourself blessed!! If she’s jealous, neglectful, angry, aggressive, rude and immature, you are in for a challenge BUT nothing is too big for God. If you are in a committed relationship or married to someone who has a child with someone else, there are things that you can do to help the relationship with the child’s mother go smoothly. Below are tips on how to avoid baby mama drama. I pray the tips are helpful to you.  To the ladies that are baby’s mama’s, please know that I’m not saying all BM’s are mean and rude. I’m trying to help those that are facing challenges in this area to make their situation better. Please hear my heart and know that I have love and respect for any woman working hard to raise her child. 10 tips on how to get along with your man’s baby mama. 1. Pray for the mother. We all know that it is difficult to be a single parent, even when the father is involved from outside of the home. We also can admit that no one wants to be the baby’s mother while another woman gets to be the girlfriend or the wife. Pray and ask God to give her strength, wisdom, peace, joy, patience and the resources needed to raise her children. See her as a soul that needs to be won to Christ if she is not saved. We win people to Christ by our love walk and example shown in front of them. So no matter what happens, don’t curse her out and get ignorant with her, that will ruin your witness. 2. Confess good things over her, the baby, as well as you and your spouses’ relationship with her. Confess that she is a good mother, she is patient and kind, she has the fruits of the spirit. Don’t call her “the crazy or evil baby’s mama.” Don’t say, “me and my husband are gonna kill each other if he don’t do something about that woman.” Speak those things that be not as though they were. Call the mother blessed, kind, peaceful, mature etc. Confess peace and blessing no matter what it looks like.  3. Believe that God answers prayer and it will get better. If we ask in prayer, anything in Jesus’ name, we must believe that he answers prayer. Since you’re praying that the relationship between your partner and the mother gets better, you must believe that God hears you and things are changing in your situation. Whatever you need to see changed, believe that when you pray, God hears you and is working it out. If you believe, you can’t confess negativity, remember that. 4. Don’t compete with the mother. Know your role and be confident in your partner’s love and commitment to you. She is the mother, she deserves respect, but she is not the woman who holds his heart. Don’t let the pressure of the mother being his ex or the child’s mom rock you from being confident in your relationship. Be secure and don’t let her rock your boat! No man wants an insecure woman Don’t compete or compare yourself to her. Be you, do you, and let her be her. 5. Remember it’s all about the children. Sometimes in situations like these, the adults lose focus on what’s the most important, CHILDREN!! The children need love, proper raising, structure, discipline, teaching etc. Who really cares if the parents aren’t best of buds! As long as everyone is respectful and doesn’t speak ill of each other in the presence of the children, nothing else really matters. If you don’t get along with the children’s mother, do more praying than talking. Let God handle it and you let your light shine and keep your mouth closed!! 6. Walk in love and have patience. The bible tells us to love our enemies as ourselves. I’m not saying your partner’s baby’s mother is your enemy but sometimes it may feel that way! In those situations, showing her love and patience will make difficult situations easier. No one can cause drama and argue on their own. If the mother likes to push you and your partner’s buttons, lying, trying to start arguments or won’t let you see the children, stay in love and walk in patience. Consider getting a mediator or someone to help you work through the rough patches if necessary. Also, encourage him to pray about taking her to court so visitation and child support can be established and in writing. 7. Ignore the little things. This tip is simple, everything doesn’t deserve a response! If the mother makes little rude or jealous comments or the children repeat to you what she’s said, you don’t always have to confront her or even repeat it. Foolishness is foolishness and why feed into it. Pray a simple prayer for her and keep moving. You can win her to Christ by your lifestyle and love walk! 8. Look for ways that you and your partner can be a blessing to her and the child. If the mother’s car is down, encourage your partner to help transport the child where he/she needs to go. If she lost her job encourage your partner to drop a few groceries by for a while until they get on their feet again. Remember the children are both of your responsibility if you two are married, and you two want the children to have all that they need, despite how the mother behaves at times. He will be blessed for doing more than child support requires of him if there’s an important need. 9. Work with your husband to establish clear boundaries for the mother. By boundaries I mean not allowing her to call him at all hours of the night unless it’s a true emergency. Not allowing her to just drop by unannounced whenever she wants just to hangout. Encourage your husband to set boundaries with her so everyone’s roles and expectations are clear. 10. Be a team with your partner and make sure you two communicate. Make sure you support your partner in prayer, with your time by caring for and loving on his child appropriately and with a good attitude. It’s your job to be a team player! Also if you have contact with the mother, make sure she knows that you love her child and want to ensure that she’s comfortable and the child has all that he/she needs. If she knows that you love her child, she just may come around to loving you eventually! […] https://joannawillis.wordpress.com/2010/06/19/tips-to-avoid-baby-mama-drama/ […] I am encouraged! I so needed that. I believe it’s extremely hard not to feel like you and your needs will always come second. But you have shown me a new light. Thank you for your encouragements… I’m goin through this similar situation and I was on the edge always thinking that it wasn’t goin to work out… But after reading your blog it gave me strength, courage,power to continue my relationship with my man…We both love each other but it’s just the baby momma…
Thank you and I will be praying for all of us in this situation Hi! Thx for reading! Glad the post was helpful! Dear Joanna,
Here is my update in regards to my baby momma issues… My boyfriend decided  to move the baby momma and his child in his house for the sake of the baby. We broke up this month and I am struggling a lot but I feel relieved. I am glad I am out of this crazy mess…but please pray for me so that I can move on with my life. I was very hurtful to see him say this to me… but I guess I have no choice. I was heartbroken and I feel betrayed for all that time that I stuck by him…
Jenny Amazing.. thank you very. You are a voice from God. Thank u very much for reading and commenting! So glad u were blessed!! I Super Love this because I can so relate to this I have a step son who means the world to me. My husband and his bm go thru what they go thru I just pray for everything. I really liked this though. It was really helpful to read this page, please God help me over come whatever that’s bothering me in my life and relationship. Amen!! The Lord will answer your prayer! Thx for reading! Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:  You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Connecting to %s  Notify me of new comments via email.  

   Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.  Join 381 other followers    Free Daily Email 

Ten Words Trending Now

 

Alphabetical List

 
Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning!
 Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you.  Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s Baby Mama Goes To Court For Restraining Order Claiming Punch in Head Mayweather's Baby Mama: He Punched Me in the Head SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS More Floyd Mayweather You may like Bleacher Report AROUND THE WEB Around The Web 



1








          9/10/2010 1:36 PM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 Manny Pacquiao Wearing Nike  
More Trending News »
 Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  'Urkel' Investigated for Allegedly Smacking Baby Mama 
'Urkel'
Investigated for Allegedly 
Smacking Baby Mama
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS More Jaleel White You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          7/8/2010 6:50 PM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  View Full Version : Baby Mama Drama in your life?  How Matt Forte Should Deal With His Baby-Mama-Drama   By                                 Maggie Hendricks
   NEWSLETTERS  Receive the latest grizzly-detail  updates in your inbox Pro Athletes' Wives & Girlfriends Chicago Bears Roster 

    
        
    
                
                  
      

		
		         	Copyright NBC Owned Television Stations 
 WATCH LIVE Watch Live: NBC 5 News Share Oh, Matt. On the day after the Bears running back was named the NFL's Offensive Player of the Week, an item about Forte ran in one of Chicago's most-read gossip columns talking about a baby mama drama.  Stella Foster reported that Forte's ex-girlfriend is pregnant, and that his fiancee had broken off their engagement and relationship.  "I happily announced in May that Forte had gotten engaged to Chicago's Danielle Daniels at the Trump International Hotel in New York while they were there attending a promotional event. Forte gave her a big diamond and the couple later flew to his home state of Louisiana to celebrate with his parents. Well, surprise, surprise! On Tuesday, Forte broke the news to his faithful and beautiful fiancee that his ex-girlfriend, who lives in Louisiana, is pregnant with his child and will deliver in November  We say again, "Oh, Matt."  Baby mama drama is never something you want to bring into your football season. You did something dumb. We won't get as specific as Foster did, because the magnitude of your dumbness probably started to sink in right around when your ex-fiancee said, "It's over." Luckily there are plenty of people to turn to in the locker room. Lance Briggs, Brian Urlacher and Tommie Harris all have their own version of baby mama drama. But maybe you should go with the advice that Tony Romo gave to Jay Cutler in light of Cutler's romance with reality-TV It Girl Kristin Cavallari. Put on your blinders, and focus on football. Memorize the playbook. Dive into film study. Think about your running routes as you fall asleep and the passing ones as you wake up. Another 200-yard game just may ease the pain. Check out Grizzly Detail: NBCChicago's Bears blog features videos, photos, news, commentary and more. All the Grizzly Detail is right here.Bear Down, Chicago.   50 Cent Assistant Accused Of Setting 50's Baby Mama's Mansion ABlaze Leave a Comment #DontShoot Report Bangin Candy Two years after 50 Cent’s baby mama’s (Shaniqua Tompkins) mansion went up in smoke; police have finally discovered a possible accomplice. According to published reports, G-Unit associate and 50 Cent’s assistant, Dwayne McKenzie is being accused by his ex-girlfriend, Shana Chin, of playing a role in the torching of the mansion. The 5,200-square-foot home that was gutted by a suspicious fire was at the center of an antagonistic legal battle between the rapper and his former girlfriend. According to Chin, she was dating McKenzie, who now lives at the multi-million-dollar mansion; and testified that McKenzie often carried a gun and had talked of torching a house that belonged to the rapper’s ex-girlfriend. Dwayne Mckenzie Once the report surfaced, McKenzie’s attorney fired back, stating that Chin, who is currently suing McKenzie for damages and medical bills, is a greedy, fame-hungry woman out for money and the chance to meet rap stars. McKenzie, who has yet to respond to the allegations personally, was also arrested in August of 2009 for allegedly assaulting another woman [not Chin] in 50 Cent’s Long Island mansion. Pingback: 50 Cent’s Assistant Accused Of Setting Baby Mama’s Mansion On Fire - My 242() Pingback: Breaking Scoop: 50 Cent Assistant Accused Of Setting 50’s Baby Mama’s Mansion ABlaze « NWMASS - When Hollywood Needs A Reality Check() Pingback: 50 Cent’s Assistant Accused Of Setting Baby Mama’s Mansion On Fire |() Pingback: F-Listed » Archive HEARTY BREAKFAST «() Pingback: 50 Cent's Lil Homey Ordered To Pay Up For Assaulting Woman « Hip Hop Wired()  Lakers Baller Josh Powell's Baby Mama ARRESTED For Cocaine Trafficking! Comments Log in to post a new comment I came to this page by a bad I came to this page by a bad damn, this is sad! I believe THANK GOD IT IS A BLACK WOMAN What the fuck does her being See black womens kids are I think dude really screwed It is possible to that she While she may not have known I KNOW IT AINT RIGHT BUT MY BULLSH*T! Get a f*ckin i totaly agree, whatever sorry for the typos...just GET PRETTY FOR THE Welcome to WOOOOOO Sounds like an unfit mother alot of these women should How stupid can someone be, And WTF is up with his hair. OMG...OMG...can't breathe.  Where are all the normal Yes, very stupid indeed.  The last thing I was I feell bad for her, but she This is some BULLSHIT!!  She was clearly set up!  Wholesale and retail all getcha money up and get a hopefully everything goes Yeah I agree, get up off yo All of yall suck cock & mind woooooo!!!I came acorss a This is sad but you get what i agree with GirlyGirl This is a shame because the I feel for you but, I'm She remind me of that chick Yes! Thats who I thought she TRUST ME!!!  Only IDIOTS sell poor kid oprah will empower her She need to call oprah. Hmmmmm so the DEA received a it's over! And her dumb ass Sorry but her video just Trust me I am not quick to I go to school in Whatever...everything she had Obviously this dude is Log in to post a new comment GET YBF E-MAIL ALERTS!    Remember all that drama back in 2008 when now Lakers baller Josh Powell's baby mama Emily Peniche blasted him about trying to take their child away from her?  Well they are STILL in a nasty custody battle over baby Patience.  And despite Emily blasting him abiut being a dead beat and just trying to get back at her, it looks like Josh just got one leg up on her.   More when you read on.... 


 Video of Emily from last year
   Emily put her story on blast 2 years ago to gain support and protection from the alleged hell Josh was putting her through.  But this past Monday, Emily was arrested in Norfolk, VA for allegedly transporting over 2 lbs of cocaine around the Norfolks area: Emily L. Peniche made an initial appearance in U.S. District Court on Wednesday afternoon. A magistrate judge ordered her jailed pending a bond hearing Monday. Peniche and Lakers forward Josh Powell, who met while Powell played with the cross-town Clippers, have been involved in a much publicized custody dispute over their daughter. Peniche posted a tearful 10-minute plea on YouTube last summer accusing Powell of refusing to return the girl, Patience, then 3. Peniche was arrested Monday with co-defendant Samuel Q. Moses after Norfolk police received a tip that the two would be transporting a large amount of cocaine from New Jersey to Norfolk that day, according to a criminal affidavit filed in court by U.S. Customs and Immigration Enforcement. After Moses and Peniche crossed the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel about 1:30 p.m. that day, a Norfolk police investigator stopped their car. A search revealed a kilo of cocaine, or more than 2.2 pounds, wrapped in a girdle and stuffed inside a duffel bag, the affidavit says. Source
 So maybe there was a reason Josh was trying to keep their baby from her after all.  Drama! 


 
 56604  Enter your e-mail address to get YBF updates in your inbox!  Baby Mama Drama Thread       Brought to you by 
                                 
 

									I figured I would start a baby mama drama thread, lol. I'm sure it'll come in handy. My DH, son and I live in NJ for now. The step-kids and baby mama live in RI. We are planning to move up there but the job market is the main factor stopping us. =\ So, we have the kids for the summer. They are due back on Sat but now the youngest got sick and she didn't give us the health card. We are about to make the trek back up there early so he can get to his doc. Baby mama tells DH's mom that J needs to start acting like a father and take him to the doctor. Mind you the kid is sick because she didn't take him to the ear doctor before we picked him up. (We didn't know he was having ear issues at the time because she supposedly took care of it months before) She just said he got water in his ear and there are drops to put in there. I look at the drops and they expired 8/08! She tells my DH on the phone that she has only taken him to the pediatrician because it's "too hard" to get an appt with the ear doctor.. you know the one that put the tubes in his ear... and DH is the bad parent?! The last time she took him to the ear doc was when his school told her he couldn't come back without going to the doc and having the issue resolved.
								
I figured I would start a baby mama drama thread, lol. I'm sure it'll come in handy. My DH, son and I live in NJ for now. The step-kids and baby mama live in RI. We are planning to move up there but the job market is the main factor stopping us. =\ So, we have the kids for the summer. They are due back on Sat but now the youngest got sick and she didn't give us the health card. We are about to make the trek back up there early so he can get to his doc. Baby mama tells DH's mom that J needs to start acting like a father and take him to the doctor. Mind you the kid is sick because she didn't take him to the ear doctor before we picked him up. (We didn't know he was having ear issues at the time because she supposedly took care of it months before) She just said he got water in his ear and there are drops to put in there. I look at the drops and they expired 8/08! She tells my DH on the phone that she has only taken him to the pediatrician because it's "too hard" to get an appt with the ear doctor.. you know the one that put the tubes in his ear... and DH is the bad parent?! The last time she took him to the ear doc was when his school told her he couldn't come back without going to the doc and having the issue resolved.
 

Baby mommas SUCK!!! haha  So...my step-daughters live in Virginia, my husband, son and I live in PA outside of Philly.  If we want to see his girls WE have to do EVERYTHING to make it happen.  Their mother's are completely incompetant...it's crazy!  My oldest step-daughter is 17 - so we have 10 more child support checks to send to her horrible mother and then we are DONE and can take care of her the way WE want to.  NO MORE DEALING WITH MAMA!!!  Can't wait for that.My youngest step daughter is 7.  Her mother is just an idiot.  We buy my step-daughter more nice beautiful expensive clothes than ANY child would ever need, yes EVERY time we see her she looks a HOT mess and we have to go buy more stuff.  Her mother packs wrinkled old clothes, when she has beautiful brand new ones in her closet!  WTF????!!!!  She sends her to us with her hair looking a MESS and then I have to do it or pay someone to do it.  Ugh I just hate stupid ignorant people...

Baby mommas SUCK!!! haha  So...my step-daughters live in Virginia, my husband, son and I live in PA outside of Philly.  If we want to see his girls WE have to do EVERYTHING to make it happen.  Their mother's are completely incompetant...it's crazy!  My oldest step-daughter is 17 - so we have 10 more child support checks to send to her horrible mother and then we are DONE and can take care of her the way WE want to.  NO MORE DEALING WITH MAMA!!!  Can't wait for that.My youngest step daughter is 7.  Her mother is just an idiot.  We buy my step-daughter more nice beautiful expensive clothes than ANY child would ever need, yes EVERY time we see her she looks a HOT mess and we have to go buy more stuff.  Her mother packs wrinkled old clothes, when she has beautiful brand new ones in her closet!  WTF????!!!!  She sends her to us with her hair looking a MESS and then I have to do it or pay someone to do it.  Ugh I just hate stupid ignorant people...
 Baby mommas SUCK!!! haha  So...my step-daughters live in Virginia, my husband, son and I live in PA outside of Philly.  If we want to see his girls WE have to do EVERYTHING to make it happen.  Their mother's are completely incompetant...it's crazy!  My oldest step-daughter is 17 - so we have 10 more child support checks to send to her horrible mother and then we are DONE and can take care of her the way WE want to.  NO MORE DEALING WITH MAMA!!!  Can't wait for that.My youngest step daughter is 7.  Her mother is just an idiot.  We buy my step-daughter more nice beautiful expensive clothes than ANY child would ever need, yes EVERY time we see her she looks a HOT mess and we have to go buy more stuff.  Her mother packs wrinkled old clothes, when she has beautiful brand new ones in her closet!  WTF????!!!!  She sends her to us with her hair looking a MESS and then I have to do it or pay someone to do it.  Ugh I just hate stupid ignorant people... Baby mommas SUCK!!! haha  So...my step-daughters live in Virginia, my husband, son and I live in PA outside of Philly.  If we want to see his girls WE have to do EVERYTHING to make it happen.  Their mother's are completely incompetant...it's crazy!  My oldest step-daughter is 17 - so we have 10 more child support checks to send to her horrible mother and then we are DONE and can take care of her the way WE want to.  NO MORE DEALING WITH MAMA!!!  Can't wait for that.My youngest step daughter is 7.  Her mother is just an idiot.  We buy my step-daughter more nice beautiful expensive clothes than ANY child would ever need, yes EVERY time we see her she looks a HOT mess and we have to go buy more stuff.  Her mother packs wrinkled old clothes, when she has beautiful brand new ones in her closet!  WTF????!!!!  She sends her to us with her hair looking a MESS and then I have to do it or pay someone to do it.  Ugh I just hate stupid ignorant people... 

									I have so much baby mama drama it's not even funny. This B**** (excuse the language) has called CPS on me when my daughter was a week old. She tells her son that he can't play with my kids at my house or at school. She has broke into my cell phone account and changed my plan. Now she can't figure out the passwords so she gets it so my account is locked and I am not able to pay my bill online because I have to call to unlock it. I just gave up and call in my payments. The most irritating thing is that I can't prove its her. This lady is so off the hook she is the definition of drama. The sad thing is is she is in a relationship and her man doesn't say anything to her about obsessing over her ex. They haven't been together for four years. She needs to get over it already. I honestly wish she would grow up and be a mother instead of a psyco.
								
I have so much baby mama drama it's not even funny. This B**** (excuse the language) has called CPS on me when my daughter was a week old. She tells her son that he can't play with my kids at my house or at school. She has broke into my cell phone account and changed my plan. Now she can't figure out the passwords so she gets it so my account is locked and I am not able to pay my bill online because I have to call to unlock it. I just gave up and call in my payments. The most irritating thing is that I can't prove its her. This lady is so off the hook she is the definition of drama. The sad thing is is she is in a relationship and her man doesn't say anything to her about obsessing over her ex. They haven't been together for four years. She needs to get over it already. I honestly wish she would grow up and be a mother instead of a psyco.
 

									Before we finally got custody of my two step sons from their mother she would always pack HORRIBLE clothes for them to wear becuase she knew that we either had already or would buy new clothing for the boys to wear and they would get sent home with the better clothing. DF and I KNEW that she had better clothes for them to wear because either we are our family had gotten them better clothing but she did it just to get more. Its pretty bad when you get custody of two children and they come to your house with EVERYTHING they own in two grocery bags. LUCKILY we had a whole room full of things just waiting for them that we had had the WHOLE time we were dealing with their mother!!
								
Before we finally got custody of my two step sons from their mother she would always pack HORRIBLE clothes for them to wear becuase she knew that we either had already or would buy new clothing for the boys to wear and they would get sent home with the better clothing. DF and I KNEW that she had better clothes for them to wear because either we are our family had gotten them better clothing but she did it just to get more. Its pretty bad when you get custody of two children and they come to your house with EVERYTHING they own in two grocery bags. LUCKILY we had a whole room full of things just waiting for them that we had had the WHOLE time we were dealing with their mother!!
 

									Ugh I hate baby mama drama. My husband's ex has custody of their 3 kids. She has always tried to turn them against me and hubby. She has always told the kids that I am racist and that I hate them because they are mixed. (Totally not true, and completely fabricated by the mind of a psycho) - By th way, baby mama is black, my hubby is white, I am white - just for clarification. Anyway, so all the kids hate me because they think I hate all black people. I will NEVER be able to havea normal relationship with them because they think I hate black people.
								
Ugh I hate baby mama drama. My husband's ex has custody of their 3 kids. She has always tried to turn them against me and hubby. She has always told the kids that I am racist and that I hate them because they are mixed. (Totally not true, and completely fabricated by the mind of a psycho) - By th way, baby mama is black, my hubby is white, I am white - just for clarification. Anyway, so all the kids hate me because they think I hate all black people. I will NEVER be able to havea normal relationship with them because they think I hate black people.
      
      

									Oh don't you just love baby mama drama? I know I DON'T! My husband has 2 boys from his 1st marriage, whom I love like they were my own children. Their mom currently has custody and they live in northern AR, us in TX. It's not ideal but we are making it work, with NO help from her. She refuses to meet us or anything when it's time to get the boys. She has been trying to make the boys "forget" who their daddy is for the last 3 years, trying to convince them that her new H is their dad. They actually get in trouble if they don't call him "dad."  For a long time, every time we got the boys, they were calling their dad by his first name. It broke my DHs heart!Ok I could go on forever but I need to get ready for school. SOOO happy to have this board!!
								
Oh don't you just love baby mama drama? I know I DON'T! My husband has 2 boys from his 1st marriage, whom I love like they were my own children. Their mom currently has custody and they live in northern AR, us in TX. It's not ideal but we are making it work, with NO help from her. She refuses to meet us or anything when it's time to get the boys. She has been trying to make the boys "forget" who their daddy is for the last 3 years, trying to convince them that her new H is their dad. They actually get in trouble if they don't call him "dad."  For a long time, every time we got the boys, they were calling their dad by his first name. It broke my DHs heart!Ok I could go on forever but I need to get ready for school. SOOO happy to have this board!!
    

Hi ya Ginger ;) I won't be on here venting but will offer support whenever I can. Casey's ex-wife Tammy is a saint and we are good friends. We have had our disagreements but what friends don't? We are very lucky to have a relationship with her that works for all of us! 

Hi ya Ginger ;) I won't be on here venting but will offer support whenever I can. Casey's ex-wife Tammy is a saint and we are good friends. We have had our disagreements but what friends don't? We are very lucky to have a relationship with her that works for all of us! 
 

									That's awesome that you have such a good relationship with your husbands ex.  My parents always kept it civil and still do.  Now that I'm a "stepmother" and have issues with the ex my stepmother feels a little free'er to say what she really thinks a bit more, but for the most part everyone is friendly enough.  I have tried that with my DB's ex but it doesn't always work out.  It seems to be best for everyone if we just don't try either way.  But my ex's girlfriend and I get along just fine too.  We join forces when it comes to classroom birthday parties and soccer practices etc.  I think it really helps my oldest son to see that.
								
That's awesome that you have such a good relationship with your husbands ex.  My parents always kept it civil and still do.  Now that I'm a "stepmother" and have issues with the ex my stepmother feels a little free'er to say what she really thinks a bit more, but for the most part everyone is friendly enough.  I have tried that with my DB's ex but it doesn't always work out.  It seems to be best for everyone if we just don't try either way.  But my ex's girlfriend and I get along just fine too.  We join forces when it comes to classroom birthday parties and soccer practices etc.  I think it really helps my oldest son to see that.
 

									oh this is a great thread, cuz i totally would have started it if you hadnt!  I just saw the new board announcement on my home board- and couldnt be happier to have a place for Blended families.  I grew up in one myself so some of the issues im seeing with my DSS's mom are things i saw from different perspectives as a kid.anyway... my main gripe with DH's baby mama... is she can NEVER. BE. ON. TIME.  EVER.   there are times she is over an hr late picking him up or dropping him off.  then we chewed her out for it a week or two ago, and we agreed she would drop him off for his sisters bday party at noon on sunday.  what time does she drop him off?  TEN AM!  TWO HOURS EARLY!  wtf?!I love how when DH is late picking him up (part of the reason he doesnt do the switch, i cant stand his tardiness), she throws a effin fit, but if we get pissed cuz shes late she has a coronary about "arguing with her in front of her bf"

oh this is a great thread, cuz i totally would have started it if you hadnt!  I just saw the new board announcement on my home board- and couldnt be happier to have a place for Blended families.  I grew up in one myself so some of the issues im seeing with my DSS's mom are things i saw from different perspectives as a kid.anyway... my main gripe with DH's baby mama... is she can NEVER. BE. ON. TIME.  EVER.   there are times she is over an hr late picking him up or dropping him off.  then we chewed her out for it a week or two ago, and we agreed she would drop him off for his sisters bday party at noon on sunday.  what time does she drop him off?  TEN AM!  TWO HOURS EARLY!  wtf?!I love how when DH is late picking him up (part of the reason he doesnt do the switch, i cant stand his tardiness), she throws a effin fit, but if we get pissed cuz shes late she has a coronary about "arguing with her in front of her bf"
 -Kimberly-  Wife to Christjon, Mimi to Brandon, Mommy to Madelyne and Abigail, Expecting our fourth surprise, and person to Dezi 

									All I want to say is that I hope you ladys don't look at all the "baby mothers" out there like they are worth nothing. Yes i agree there are some that are just very dramatic and like to make their BD miserable however there are some ladies out there that are really nice. We are all someone's mother and we do not know when we would be on that side of the road. As a single mom myself I can say that I would NEVER use my child to manipulate NO MAN or even make them miserable, if they are doing good by their child there is no reason why the mothers should be a$$es however if they aren't doing right by their child I would let God take care of that. We all pay for every wrong doing that we do in one way or the other.hope you guys don't take this as bad.
								
All I want to say is that I hope you ladys don't look at all the "baby mothers" out there like they are worth nothing. Yes i agree there are some that are just very dramatic and like to make their BD miserable however there are some ladies out there that are really nice. We are all someone's mother and we do not know when we would be on that side of the road. As a single mom myself I can say that I would NEVER use my child to manipulate NO MAN or even make them miserable, if they are doing good by their child there is no reason why the mothers should be a$$es however if they aren't doing right by their child I would let God take care of that. We all pay for every wrong doing that we do in one way or the other.hope you guys don't take this as bad.
                          What she senses for you
The day you deliver, outside will be slightly overcast. Your baby will arrive in the early evening. 

									hi ladies!  i'm stacy!  i'm new to this board but i absolutely needed a baby mama drama thread!  lol.  i live in philly with DF and LO.  His ex lives in coatesville and is ALLL about drama!  it will be nice to talk to people who understand what its like. 
								
hi ladies!  i'm stacy!  i'm new to this board but i absolutely needed a baby mama drama thread!  lol.  i live in philly with DF and LO.  His ex lives in coatesville and is ALLL about drama!  it will be nice to talk to people who understand what its like. 
 

									OT- Your daughter is gorgeous!!!
								
OT- Your daughter is gorgeous!!!
 

									This is completely off topic but that  princess of yours is so freaking adorable!
								
This is completely off topic but that  princess of yours is so freaking adorable!
   Don't put off today what you can put off til the day AFTER tomorrow! 

									WOW, what a way to start!  Talk about momma drama!  I have 4 stepkids of whom we have joint custody.  My DH divorced his ex abt 9 years ago and we have been together 4 years.  She told the kids Im a prostitute he met on the street and that I was his 9th wife.  She also told them n way could our LO be his because he could only have children with her.  Long story short, we havent seen any of them in a year, all phone numbers are disconnected, she is billing the wrong insurance all over town even though we have the child support office send her copies of the insurance cards 2x and that is documented.  Oh I could go on and on.  it is horrible and hopeless and I miss my stepkids every day.
								
WOW, what a way to start!  Talk about momma drama!  I have 4 stepkids of whom we have joint custody.  My DH divorced his ex abt 9 years ago and we have been together 4 years.  She told the kids Im a prostitute he met on the street and that I was his 9th wife.  She also told them n way could our LO be his because he could only have children with her.  Long story short, we havent seen any of them in a year, all phone numbers are disconnected, she is billing the wrong insurance all over town even though we have the child support office send her copies of the insurance cards 2x and that is documented.  Oh I could go on and on.  it is horrible and hopeless and I miss my stepkids every day.
             Copy this code to your website to display this banner!http://www.mybannermaker.com/link.php?nurl=http://www.mybannermaker.com     [    

									Situations like this are always hard, that is for sure. I can't say that things are all rainbows when it comes to my ex. He was difficult and wouldn't work together for anything. He had a very hard time accepting that I left him for a white man and that his kids would be raised by a white man. Just silly. I saw him 2 years ago for child support and he tried having me thrown in jail for not allowing him access to the kids, total BS. He has our address and phone numbers but refuses to come here to see them. UGH In ways I'm grateful that I don't have to deal with him but sad that he isn't a father to his kids.
								
Situations like this are always hard, that is for sure. I can't say that things are all rainbows when it comes to my ex. He was difficult and wouldn't work together for anything. He had a very hard time accepting that I left him for a white man and that his kids would be raised by a white man. Just silly. I saw him 2 years ago for child support and he tried having me thrown in jail for not allowing him access to the kids, total BS. He has our address and phone numbers but refuses to come here to see them. UGH In ways I'm grateful that I don't have to deal with him but sad that he isn't a father to his kids.
 

									You are soooo lucky you have custody!!!  I'm jealous...
								
You are soooo lucky you have custody!!!  I'm jealous...
 

									That's good for you! When DH and I first met, his ex-wife was cool. Then, one day she did a 360. It was pretty nuts. She has calmed down since then, thankfully! But, she has her moments. She destroyed my DH's reputation so much that many of his friends don't talk to him because they listened to the horrible things she said about him.. none of which is true. She even had his mother thinking these things until I set her straight about what happened.
								
That's good for you! When DH and I first met, his ex-wife was cool. Then, one day she did a 360. It was pretty nuts. She has calmed down since then, thankfully! But, she has her moments. She destroyed my DH's reputation so much that many of his friends don't talk to him because they listened to the horrible things she said about him.. none of which is true. She even had his mother thinking these things until I set her straight about what happened.
 

									Oh I understand what you are saying. I just created this as a place to vent about the actual baby mama drama that goes on.. it's like there are some MILs that are awesome and some that are nightmares. It all depends on the person.
								
Oh I understand what you are saying. I just created this as a place to vent about the actual baby mama drama that goes on.. it's like there are some MILs that are awesome and some that are nightmares. It all depends on the person.
 

									Thanks :)
								
Thanks :)
                          What she senses for you
The day you deliver, outside will be slightly overcast. Your baby will arrive in the early evening. 

									totally understandable and that is very true :)
								
totally understandable and that is very true :)
                          What she senses for you
The day you deliver, outside will be slightly overcast. Your baby will arrive in the early evening. 

									thanks :)
								
thanks :)
                          What she senses for you
The day you deliver, outside will be slightly overcast. Your baby will arrive in the early evening.  VIEW FULL SITE ABOUT WHAT TO EXPECT ABOUT EVERYDAY HEALTH INC. TERMS OF USE NEW PRIVACY POLICY  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             This Site and third parties who place advertisements on this Site may collect and use information about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to obtain more information about these advertising practices and to make choices about online behavioral advertising, please  click here  An End to Baby Mama Drama Related Posts Post navigation Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search the Magazine Connect With Us!  Special Pages  Most Popular Tags ALIVE! Escaping the Death Plot: The Exclusive w/ Rasul Muhammad On the Witness Stand: The Exclusive w/ Mother Evelyn Muhammad #Farrakhan Who Are the Pilots of the So-Called U.F.O.s? Who Is the Messiah? The Exclusive with Nuri Muhammad Defending Farrakhan: The MGT&GCC Vanguard Respond Critics of Farrakhan and the Issue of Women Covering Themselves read in: 13 min In the United States Black babies die almost three times more than white babies, from the time a woman is pregnant until the baby reaches one years old.  When I am out-and -about in the community, many are surprised to hear this statistic for the first time.  Even OB-Gyn’s and Midwives seem confused and overwhelmed by the disparity. However, I am not surprised or confused.  This disparity makes perfect sense when we put pregnancy and childbirth in the Black Community in perspective. Did you know that Per the CDC: Black women are 2.5 times more likely to begin prenatal care in the 3rd trimester, or not receive prenatal care at all. Black babies are four times as likely to die as infants due to complications related to low birth weight, as compared to white babies. As a midwife in a community clinic that only accepts patients who are insured by Medi-Cal and/or other State/Federal insurance programs, I see many pregnant women daily.  The majority of those women are Black or Latina from underserved communities, and living at, or below what we consider the poverty level.  You know, the women and girls that we pass by daily in Black and Latino Communities. If it is their first time at the clinic, and they believe that they are pregnant, we start with a pregnancy test.  If the pregnancy test is positive, and they plan on continuing with their pregnancy, they are scheduled for routine prenatal care at the clinic. What we discover from this point forward in most cases is saddening, sickening, and just plain unacceptable! Many of the young women who enter prenatal care are pregnant by young men that they are not presently in relationships with.  In fact, many never really were in committed relationships.  Oft times, it is someone that they know from the community, or met while out.  This person may have been cute, or attractive, may have had a nice car, or seemingly had what they considered a lot of money, and, on…and on… with the superficial reasons.  What happens after that?  Uncommitted sexual relations, and then an unwanted pregnancy…babies created by two people who aren’t in love with each other, and may not even really know one another.  In this situation, when we ask the women how they feel about the pregnancy, most say something like, “it’s okay, I can handle it on my own”, or “I’ll be fine, my mother did it on her own…” These women tend to struggle with finances, nutrition, housing, emotional stress, substance abuse, and other psycho-social challenges. Others who come into prenatal care, who say they are in relationships, struggle in the relationships… They may be experiencing domestic violence.  The partner may not be faithful.  The partner is not supportive when it comes to attending prenatal visits, or he may not be happy about the pregnancy.  Many times the partner is unemployed, or a member of a gang.  Basically, these women are like the single women, in bad situations. Of course women who enter pregnancy with all the issues that we have discussed and even some physical challenges are more likely to have poor outcomes.  How could she not be at risk?  She has no peace of mind, no comfort.  Who can she turn to?  Her social challenges eventually manifest into physical challenges such as high blood pressure, gestational diabetes, and maternal obesity; just to name a few.  Her immune system becomes even more compromised, because she is not eating well.  She has no appetite, because she is consumed by all of her challenges.  It is definitely not an optimum situation, and in my ten years of experience I am confident that these are the reasons that more Black Women have poor outcomes. Over 70% of Black Babies are Born Outside of Wedlock!   Why is this okay?  What happened within our communities that caused us to support being a “Baby Mama”?  I mean those of us who have had babies out of wedlock clearly recognize that it is a tremendous struggle to make ends meet.  Why are we not delivering this message to our daughters and sons?  Why aren’t we encouraging and supporting marriage? Being Married is What’s UP!  Other communities have recognized that strong marriages build strong families, and strong families build strong communities.  Pregnant women who are happily married have happier pregnancies.  These women are not left to make a new baby alone.  They have a spouse caring for them so that they can concentrate on giving birth to a god. That is a tremendous task in and of itself.  These women don’t have to be overly concerned about finances, or housing, or nutrition.  They have a partner working hand-and-hand with them.  They can concentrate on fulfilling their role in the relationship – the feminine role. Returning to Our Queendom.  We cannot continue to let our daughters believe that they can make and raise a baby on their own.  We are allowing them to CHEAT themselves out of true happiness; the happiness that God intends for them.  They are turning their backs on natural law, which always leads to disaster. Historically, Black women did what they had to do to keep families together.  That day is gone.  Today, we have to stand up and take our rightful places in the community. Furthermore, our rightful place is NOT being a “Baby Mama”!  It is being Wife, Mother, and even Domestic Goddess; the first teacher, the first nurse. The role of wife and mother is so important, but we have allowed society to define and belittle that role.  Mothers are powerful. What is the answer to the disproportionately high infant mortality rates in the Black Community?  Healthy and Strong Black Marriages! Be Blessed, Jayvon Muhammad Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *  Email *  Website  Comment  You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>   

    

							Washington
							Redskins

 Silvia Mena Pictures: Exotic Dancer-Baby Mama Sues Albert Haynesworth The Woman The Situation  The Lawsuit  Stay on your game Launch your career Get the app Follow B/R on Facebook 
         Team StreamTM
 Out of Bounds NFL Newsletter 

                By 
Jon  Star
, Senior Writer

May 26, 2010
 News broke this morning that Washington Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth has once again found himself in hot water.  Haynesworth is in the cross-hairs of New York-based exotic dancer Silvia Mena. The former Pro Bowler and alleged father of Mena's unborn baby, is being accused of skipping out on the child she is carrying. In the past, Haynesworth has dealt with allegations of being a clubhouse cancer, an overrated and overpaid player, and just a general pain in the rear end.  Now, the $100 million defensive tackle faces another off the field issue that could cost him a large chunk of his Redskins contract.  Silvia Mena is a 25-year-old exotic dancer from New York.  Mena states that she met Haynesworth during Super Bowl week and then traveled to Haynesworth's home in Tennessee for another private session.   Mena's lawsuit claims that she is four months pregnant with Haynesworth's baby and that the Redskins DT has bailed on his responsibilities.  According to USA Today, Mena said that, before bailing on her, Haynesworth originally promised to help her personally and financially.  "It is very stressful, I cry all the time," Mena told the New York Post. According to USA Today, Mena's lawsuit reportedly stands at $10 million—not only for medical care but also for pain and suffering.  The Redskins are currently on the hook for $40 million guaranteed of Haynesworth's nine-digit contract.   "This man is worth millions," Salvatore Strazzullo, Mena's Lawyer, told the New York Post. "She has had to apply for Medicaid to take care of her pregnancy."  We'd like to send you the most entertaining NFL articles, videos, and podcasts from around the web.    
Subscribe Now

 Thanks for signing up. Get the latest news, insights, and forecasts on your teams across leagues. B/R's Advanced Program in Sports Media can give you the edge you need to get ahead. Real-time news for your teams right on your mobile device.  
Guess Who Cristiano Ronaldo Baby Mama Is ...
 Related Articles Piping Hot Comment Overload Around the Web Top Parenting Stories Parenting Topics Top Lifestyle Stories Lifestyle Topics Top Entertainment Stories Entertainment Topics Top In the News Stories In the News Topics The identity of the mother of Cristiano Ronaldo's baby has been revealed, and she's said to be an American waitress he impregnated during a one-night stand. Ever the charmer, the 25-year-old soccer stud wooed her with the words:  "Me. You. F&$K. F$#K." Not understanding (or perhaps not believing someone would be so blunt?), he had to clarify for her by drawing a heart on the foggy restaurant window. "Me. You. Kiss," he tried a little more tactfully.  Apparently that worked. When she discovered she was  pregnant, she contacted him through his agent to tell him of the baby,  who Ronaldo named  after himself. He is said to have paid her $15 million to keep her  identity hidden. If true, it sure didn't work, did it? I  wonder if he'll try to get his money back? The Sunday Daily Mirror says friends say Ronaldo doesn't plan to tell his son of his mother's identity until he's 18. Good luck with keeping that secret. Meanwhile, it doesn't seem Ronaldo has been tamed at all by the event or fatherhood. “This week he has on ­Facebook  contacting women who will talk dirty," a friend told the Mirror. “He is determined to be the best father he can -- but he doesn’t equate that with having to settle  down.” I wonder how long it will be before the name of the waitress is revealed and she goes on to write a book ... or star on a reality show.     

celebrity babies,
sports
 Get all the latest from the stir directly to your inbox Part of the CafeMedia family ©2016 CMI Marketing Inc. All rights reserved.  Lil Wayne New Baby Mama Surface Breaking News Meek Mill Threatens DJ Whoo Kid Over Drake Wrestling Video Rihanna Upset That She Didn’t Performed At The Grammys Tifa Under Fire From Slim Women Over “Big Bumper” Tanto Blacks Address Being Bottled And Scammers Targeting Him Kendrick Lamar Leads Grammy With Five Awards, Plus Powerful Performance Morgan Herritage Wins First Reggae Grammy Award Kendrick Lamar Powerful Grammy Performance In Shackles (Full Video) Justin Bieber Performs “Where Are U Now” At Grammys (Full Video) Taylor Swift Diss Kanye West At The Grammys 2016, Wins Album Of The Year Kanye West Revealed He Is $53 Million Deep In Debt Home » Lil Wayne » Lil Wayne New Baby Mama Surface 
. 330 height: 313″>.
Lil Wayne baby mama dramas continues a week after the rapper release from prison. Grammy-winning rapper has reportedly been accused of having another child with a woman claiming she birthed Wayne’s son eight years ago. A Missouri grandmother has hit Weezy with a paternity suit  ordering Weezy to take a DNA test in order to prove that he is the  father of her 8-year old grandchild. (Miss Info) The rapper reportedly has only a few weeks to take the paternity test. In August, while he was in jail, he was served with a legal  letter demanding he submit to a DNA test to determine whether he  fathered an eight-year-old boy with an unnamed Missouri woman. The  child’s grandmother obtained an order from a judge which required the  Lollipop hitmaker to take a paternity test before September 10, but as  the star was behind bars at the time, the deadline was pushed back until  December 9. This isn’t the first time that Wayne has been targeted in a  suit like this. In August 2009, an exotic dancer at a Los Angeles strip  club claimed that the New Orleans rapper had impregnated her. The  28-year-old currently has a 15-year-old daughter with high school  sweetheart Antonia “Toya” Carter, a two-year-old son, a one-year-old son  with Lauren London and an 11-month-old with Nivea. During his recent incarceration at Rikers Island, Wayne released a “Mother’s Day” letter to his children’s moms. “To the mothers of my beautiful children, there remains  nothing but love, adoration and respect coming from my heart. Even with  the mistakes I’ve made in my life, you give me reason to smile in a  place where they attempt to break your spirit each day the sun rises. I  love my babies with all my heart. And the fact you brought them into  this world only gives me more and more motivation to write these words.  Happy Mother’s Day. Last but not least, my own mother, Ms. Cita.  You are my heart and you are my soul. Please don’t ever forget that.  We’ve been through everything one could possibly imagine together. With  each obstacle that has come our way, you have handled it with the grace and dignity I can only hope to mimic. Even writing this, it’s tough to  come to grips with the fact I cannot spend this special day with you.  Like you always preached, a man must accept his own actions – good and  bad – and learn from them. And that’s what I’m doing. Mom, I love you  more than you will ever know. Probably more than I love my own self.  Enjoy Mother’s Day because you deserve it. Also, find comfort knowing  your son loves you and misses you like crazy.” (Weezy Thankx You) Your comments below Lil Wayne is a real ni*** and does real  things and he takes  kare of his responsebiltes as a man.    Kane hit me  up 7208419841 Wayne idol  Pingback: Tweets that mention Lil Wayne New Baby Mama Surface | Urban Islandz -- Topsy.com() Home | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Legal | Advertise | Submit Tip 
                Copyright © 2016 — Urban Islandz. All Rights Reserved              Devon James, Tiger Woods' Baby Mama? Woman Claims Love Child FOLLOW SPORTS Suggested For You GET THE NEWSLETTER YOU MAY LIKE FOLLOW HUFFPOST HUFFPOST NEWSLETTERS Devon James, the self-described "porn queen" who says she had an erotic two-and-a-half year affair with Tiger Woods, now claims that she and the famous golfer had a secret love child, RadarOnline reports. According to the web site, James says she gave birth to the secret son in 2001, three years before Woods married stunning ex-model Elin Nordegren (PHOTOS). It was reported yesterday that a bombshell documentary airing Thursday will claim Woods fathered a secret kid with one of his illicit lovers. RadarOnline reports that it has seen photographs of the alleged love child, but that Woods has not taken a paternity test. James came forward in March, purporting that Woods paid her for a "two-girl party" in 2006. According to James's claims in the new report, the first interaction occurred years earlier, and the pair reunited in 2006. At the time of her March revelations, naughty pictures and a detailed escort listing for James could be found on a Florida web site. Women linked to Tiger Woods Raychel Coudriet, the daughter of Woods' neighbor, met the golfer when she was just 14. Devon James is a "porn queen" whose alleged escort listing contained plenty of naked pictures. Emma Rotherham allegedly had early-morning sex on Woods' office couch. Tiger reportedly loved to see her in black stockings and suspenders. Jaimee Grubbs (PHOTOS) saved a voicemail from her lover, as well as steamy text messages. Jaimee stripped down for two magazines (sexy PHOTOS). Jamie Jungers (PHOTOS) says she and Tiger had "wild" and "crazy" sex against a wall. She also claims to have slept with Woods the night his father died. Jungers, who allegedly once worked as a stripper, parlayed her newfound fame into jobs pitching vodka and an auction web site. She also appeared on the Today show and Dateline. Julie Postle (PHOTOS) allegedly met Woods when she worked as a cocktail waitress in Orlando. Tiger was reportedly "obsessed" with Postle and "really hunted" her. She was also photographed in a bikini. Susie Ogren says she took ecstasy with Tiger and he hoped "to get me into bed." Rachel Uchitel (PHOTOS) was the first of Tiger's alleged mistresses. Woods reportedly emailed her once to say that "I finally found someone I connect with." In another alleged email, Woods shared a steamy fantasy of Uchitel simultaneously having sex with Derek Jeter and Bones star David Boreanaz. A National Enquirer source called Uchitel a "celebrity whore." Loredana Jolie, a Playboy model, was allegedly "one of [Tiger's] favorites." She is planning a book that will spill the beans on Woods' alleged sexual encounters with men. Theresa Rogers has been described as a "cougar" who allegedly boasted that she taught Tiger "everything he needed to know to be a great lover." She reportedly conceived a baby while she was seeing Woods, but an article suggests she believes the father is a Serbian basketball player she was also seeing at the time. According to another article, Woods told Rogers that he only married Elin Nordegren to boost his image. The 40-something Rogers may have negotiated a payoff in exchange for her silence. Joslyn James is a porn star (PHOTOS, VIDEO) who has starred in films such as Porn Star Brides and MIA - Milfs In Action. She is also wanted in Washington state. Holly Sampson is a porn star (NSFW pictures, video) whose films include Descent Into Bondage and Diary of a Horny Housewife. She may have worked as an escort (NSFW) and appeared in a video in which she describes her "amazing" sex with Tiger Woods. In another article, she spoke about the "sensual, beautiful experience."  Afro Saxon HeatBringing the Scoops to you Puff Daddy’s Latest Baby Mama Speaks Out—By Memona Tsehaye Related Posts: One Response to “Puff Daddy’s Latest Baby Mama Speaks Out—By Memona Tsehaye” Leave a Reply Categories Archive Other Sites Recent Comments Tags Home >> Features >> Puff Daddy’s Latest Baby Mama Speaks Out—By Memona Tsehaye  Sarah Chapman has come fighting back, after she had been in a dispute with her arch rival Kim Porter. The two ladies, both mothers to superstar P.Diddy’s children, have become increasingly eager to get the story straight, which all began with an interview given by Porter, in Essence magazine. Although it is surprising that Porter has decided to come forward with her side of the story now, several months after her official break-up with P.Diddy, whose real name is Sean Combs; it was even more surprising for Chapman, who did not appreciate Kim’s comments regarding her relationship with the mogul or her pregnancy. In an exclusive interview with Sandrarose.com, Chapman said that she was shocked to find that Porter claimed she had never met her and was not aware of her pregnancy, until after she had discovered she also was expecting twins with Combs. Angered, Chapman says: “She definitely knows who I am, [Kim] knew about my pregnancy prior to her getting pregnant. In fact, Kim and I met [Sean] at the same time.” Through the admission of Porter, who found out about Chapman’s pregnancy through a friend, decided to keep the news to herself- including Combs. She thought having been blessed of becoming a mother for the third time, (she has 16 year old Quincy Jones with former partner singer/producer Al.B. Sure and Christian, 16,  fathered by Combs), it would be too stressful to waste her thoughts on things like Combs straying? Porter explains in the interview. ” But I wasn’t even on it like that because I was pregnant, and what was bubbling inside me was a blessing from God. I couldn’t let my energy be on that. ” Over the years, Porter has been criticized on several occasions, for looking like a doormat and just keeping up with Combs infidelity. Any other woman would have probably reacted differently, as Chapman expresses her worry and amazement to Porter’s statement:”The scary part is that any woman can be with a man and not even mention to him ‘oh, I heard you got another woman pregnant’ – that’s really scary. For the longest time she never mentioned my pregnancy to him. She kept it a secret to herself so it wouldn’t take the shine off of her,” said Sarah. “I thought [Sean] was lying, but he said Kim never mentioned my pregnancy to him.” The very humble Chapman, 35, is a Spelman graduate, a liberal arts women college. She strongly emphasizes that she doesn’t seek the spotlight- unlike Porter, 39, already an established model and actress. Given the opportunity, Porter had always enjoyed the spotlight, red carpet events and just generally carried the pride in being ‘Diddy’s girl’. “That’s not for me. I don’t enjoy that. I’ll let Kim have that” says Chapman. Surely, it must be difficult to find yourself in a situation like Chapman, having a child by an international star such as Combs, and being portrayed the other woman. Women literally throw themselves at his feet, much to the amusement of Mr. Combs of course. He proudly portrays this image of being a successful businessman, producer and musician, who under no other circumstances puts his children first. When twin daughters D’Lila and Jessie James were born, Dec. 21, it was a subject that could not be avoided, it was in every publication. However, Chapman quickly jumps to Combs defense and only has positive things to say about him:”I know it sounds very cliché, but we really are friends.” Chapman was eager to make it evident that the main reason for this exclusive and only interview she has given is to ensure she is portrayed in a positive light, as she has never tried to sell her story or fight for Combs attention. Over the years she has soldiered on, focusing on her number one priority, raising her daughter. Chapman said of Porter:”Now that she’s lured me out, let me paint the picture. I don’t want anyone else to paint the picture. I need to have a voice. I want to be heard. She also took this opportunity to squash rumors, regarding a million dollars, which was apparently given to her by Combs, in order to terminate the pregnancy. She was furious at these allegations:”If he gave me a million dollars I wouldn’t be calling him every month for child support,” she joked. “I mean, he pays me on a monthly basis, but there are rumors that he offered me a million dollars hush money.” It’s clear that Chapman is a lady, whose main focus is the well being of her daughter, yet is fiercely protective of Combs, being the father of her child. Yet, she’s eager to tell her story on a national forum, for the sake of her reputation that up until this point has hardly been heard of. She said: “I don’t have a voice,” she said softly. “I don’t have a forum to speak about my child. He has the forum. I’m not a superstar, he’s the superstar. He’s the person that should be out there acknowledging his child. I’m going on with my daily life and raising my child. We do what we do. We go to Sesame Street and the zoo,” said Sarah. Daddy's Girl, Lil Cutie              You completed a number of fine points there. I did a search on the subject matter and found the majority of folks will agree with your blog. 
Name (required) 
Mail (will not be published) (required) 
Website  


   We are kept going by voluntary contributions. Please donate any amount by clicking the button above. Thank you. 


  young step moms?  crazy baby mama drama? ME TOO! Related Products My boyfriend's son is a gorgeous 21-month-old with an absolutely insane mother, who I just save all of my wishes for him to turn out nothing like. I am twenty years old, and have never read anyone else's story like my own, but I KNOW there has to be others out there in my same situation...If you relate, or are just interested in the subject, I will likely be interested in your story as well, take a stop by my blog. http://underagedenraged.blogspot.com/ Mmmm, well I think referring to your BF's ex/mother of his child as an Evil witch making up a website about it does confirm your young age. It's hard to believe a 20 yr old would even stay around for this but if you do; Gird your loins, it's going to be a long & bumpy ride. I certainly hope you do not refer to this childs mother this way in front of him & my advice to you would be to back off, let your boyfriend handle the details with BM. You are not even married to this guy and have emeshed yourself into this mess that's really none of your beeswax. Sorry, think you should change your phone number, stay out of it. Actually think you should go focus on school, and enjoying being young rather than hooking up with a guy that's already got a kid & Ex to deal with. Good grief, you should out traveling, learning, maturing and seeing the world. Not saddled down with someone elses baby (whom it seems you intensely dislike) all for some guy? Come on! Plenty more where that came from. What does he have to offer you? And don't say " but He loves me!" or "I love him". That only goes so far, trust me. You are only young once!! Best of luck,
~Cat You know, I don't think there's a woman over 30 on this site who would disagree with Catlettuce on this... Why?
- Because we don't want you to have any fun? (Absolutely not. We want you to have fun - lots of it.)
- Because we don't think you're mature enough to handle it? (Maybe - can't say. I've seen some *really good* young mothers.)
- Because we are across the board against step-families? (Heck no! We're here...)
- Because you're very young and inexperienced? (Probably. Different from being immature, which we're not saying.)
- Because BioMom sounds like a psycho? (Yes. Absolutely. BIG problem. One YOU can't solve because YOU are not the problem...) But the MAIN reason is that by becomming deeply involved in this, you're signing up for a lifetime (OK - 20 years) of trouble. Deep, painful, nasty, possibly dangerous trouble. A just-out-of-his-teens father to a baby (no matter how sweet) with a psycho BioMom brings a LOT of baggage to the table. I know you love him --
I know he's wonderful -- But at your age, there are LOTS of wonderful guys out there with NO baggage! NO baggage! Guys with college degrees, promising careers and no psychos in their closets. There's college (if you want it) and a promising career for you too so long as you don't limit your options by tying yourself down to some other woman's baby. You KNOW all the warnings about becoming a teen mother... How it limits your economic future, your career horizons, your marriage prospects. You were smart enough to avoid those pitfalls -- So why VOLUNTEER for them now? When I read this post, it happened to be on the same day I read a post written by my 24 year old niece on facebook. My niece married at 19 (IMO, on the rebound from her HS sweetheart ~ she became pregnant from Mr. Rebound & they got married... he was 18) Everyone told her about the red flags & warnings but she ignored them all, saying she was not a child, she was capable of making good decisions in her life. The marriage had some problems in the second year & they split up. Then reconciled & she had baby #2 about 8-9 months later. That child is now 2 and they have filed for divorce. Not sure why they didn't make it but from an outsider's perspective... he was too young/immature & she thought she knew it all & could have it all 'because she WANTED it', I think she had baby #2 in an effort to turn him into the family man she wanted. It didn't work. Well, she has had a new boyfriend... almost from day 1 of the breakup... she likes to post pictures of her boyfriend & her in suggestive poses. She has posted pictures of her boyfriend, cuddling with the kids watching TV. She writes a bunch of stuff that appears she is trying to make her ex jealous. I have no idea if it's working.. BUT: The other day, he came to pick up his kids & his new girlfriend came with him. My niece went off on her (on FB) about how dare she come with him and pretty much issued an open threat... IMO, it was a very immature reaction after all the stuff she has put out there with her new boyfriend... another one of those "I can do it, but if you do it all hell will break loose" My point, this is what I see young people doing (being very immature, making decisions without thinking of consequences) and this is the kind of immature reactions that some young people have. I would hope my niece grows up & realizes that just because things didn't work out with him (and admit they were BOTH immature & it's not all his fault) Funny thing is, she acts as if they are being mature with each other... but this was before he found a girlfriend. Why anyone would WANT to get in the middle of that kind of drama is beyond me.