  
David Letterman
 

                                        (Newser)
                                     –
                                    David Letterman got hitched to his longtime girlfriend Regina Lasko, Us reports. The late-night host announced the nuptials during the taping of his CBS Late Show today, saying they married last week in Montana. The couple, together for more than 10 years, have a son, Harry, born in 2003. "I secretly felt that men who were married admired me… like I was the last of the real gunslingers," Letterman quipped.
                                 
  Baby Mama Maternity Tees Design Your Own Products Refine Further Cute Baby mama T-Shirt Unique Baby mama T-Shirt Baby Mama Maternity T-Shirt Baby Bear Claw T-Shirt Baby Mama Shirt Baby Mama T-Shirt Mama Bear Baby Bear Shirt Funny Baby mama Long Sleeve Maternity T-Shirt knockedupblue Shirt Best Mom To Be Maternity T-Shirt Bears Shirt Mommy 2 Bee T-Shirt Pregnant Halloween costume Maternity T-Shirt Maternity T-Shirt I Love My Baby Mama Shirt Cool Baby mama T-Shirt Whats Kickin Blue Maternity T-Shirt Mama Bear - Family Matching T-Shirt Surrogacy A Gift from the Heart Maternity Tank Top Mama Bear Baby Bear With Arrow Maternity Tank Top Baby mama Shirt VBAC Goddess T-Shirt My Lovely Baby Bump Shirt Pregzilla Maternity T-Shirt Babe Baby T-Shirt Sugar Mama Shirt The Baby Piranha Shirt Are You Kitten Me Right Meow Shirt  Help us improve CafePress! T-Shirts & Clothing Kids Baby Accessories Bags Hobbies Cases & Covers Drinkware Wall art Home Stationery Shop our Brands » T-Shirts & Clothing Home Hobbies Wall Art Seasonal Kids & Baby Drinkware Cases & Covers Stationery Photo Gifts Sell on CafePress Gift Guides » Gifts By Recipient Gifts by Topic Find Gifts for Everyone and Every Occassion in our Gift Center »  How can we help? Price Feature Related "Baby Mama" Designs Most Popular Designs Hottest Styles Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Temporarily Out of Stock Help About International Most popular "Baby Mama" products: Related Searches: Your products, customized just the way you want them! 
                        Looking for
                        Team Uniforms,
                        Jackets,
                        or
                        Embroidered Clothing?
                        Checkout
                        Groups & Teams apparel on our sister site  Transform your creativity into beautiful products, sell them on CafePress and make money.  It's easy and fun. Send us your feedback, comments and questions below:  
                  Baby Mama Drama....How to deal with it?
     
Cool Boy Names  
How Artificial Ingredients Can Lead to Artificial Kids  
Unique Boy Names  
The Best Bedtime for Your Teen  
3 Ways To Be The "Cool" Mom  Related Questions & Answers Join Circle of Moms You May Also Like 
          24 Comments
         Step Moms 
        Related Tags
         
              Krystal -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                    (
                  24 moms have responded
                )
           12 65 0 My SD mom, sent both myself and my man emails saying if he didnt leave me he couldnt see his child....I have 3 children with him, 2 at the time....we had to fight for over a year in court to get access to her...  Now when our weekends come, this 4 yr old girl tells us my mommy says i dont have to have naps, My mommy says I dont have to listen to you, I have to eat lots when I come here.....I had just had my third child by c-section, and by the time we got access the baby was 3 months old, I was walking with my step daughter an she says, my mommy thinks your fat, and her friends think your ugly....lol.....why is it her need to talk badly infront of a 4 yr old child? an on that note I wasnt able to be physically for close to 2 months......how are you to lose allll you baby weight that fast?....very frustrating! 
              Lisa -  posted on 02/04/2009 
                 30 32 2 oops... when they split... oops... when they split... 
              Lisa -  posted on 02/04/2009 
                 30 32 2 in response to Joanne's question about getting pics from baby's mama... I've been asking my husband's ex for pics for my stepson for 14 yrs now.  Same thing... shen they split she took all the baby pics, etc. & he had none.  The only pics we have are what we have taken through the years on his visits to our house... or pics that we have made copies of from his mom's photo album... maybe ck w/his mom & see if she has any pics of  your stepdaughter from when she was a baby... she just might & would prolly be more willing to share.  I have pretty much given up on getting any baby pics from biomom.  My stepson will be graduating from high school this May & I've been trying to at least get some pics from her so that I can make a "My Life" photo album to give him at graduation... the response is always the same... when I have time... but you never hear anymore about it.  Her mom (my husband's ex mom inlaw) has actually agreed to go through her pics & see what she can find, but that was before Tday & still have seen/heard any signs of pics.  My luck to you on getting those pics I think some how it makes the biomom feel that they have "the power" LOL! in response to Joanne's question about getting pics from baby's mama... I've been asking my husband's ex for pics for my stepson for 14 yrs now.  Same thing... shen they split she took all the baby pics, etc. & he had none.  The only pics we have are what we have taken through the years on his visits to our house... or pics that we have made copies of from his mom's photo album... maybe ck w/his mom & see if she has any pics of  your stepdaughter from when she was a baby... she just might & would prolly be more willing to share.  I have pretty much given up on getting any baby pics from biomom.  My stepson will be graduating from high school this May & I've been trying to at least get some pics from her so that I can make a "My Life" photo album to give him at graduation... the response is always the same... when I have time... but you never hear anymore about it.  Her mom (my husband's ex mom inlaw) has actually agreed to go through her pics & see what she can find, but that was before Tday & still have seen/heard any signs of pics.  My luck to you on getting those pics I think some how it makes the biomom feel that they have "the power" LOL! 
              Joanne -  posted on 01/30/2009 
                 6 13 0 if it sounds funny sorry.. just annoyed... 
              Joanne -  posted on 01/30/2009 
                 6 13 0 sorry i meant WHEN Baby mama moved out 
              Joanne -  posted on 01/30/2009 
                 6 13 0 ok so.. We baby mama moved out of baby daddy's house she took all the pictures and didn't leave him with anything. We have pictures of my SD up around the house but it's pics that we took. Mind you I have been in my daughter's life since she was 2. So I only have pictures that we took from then until now. Well my daughter had a time line project to do and it was about her life. My SD started to ask questions on howcome we don't have any baby pictures of her. Well I had asked baby mama a couple of years ago for some pictures. At first she was said sure and that she would give me some. Well time has passed and she still hasn't. When I ask for them again she said that I said I don't need them anymore. It's annoying because my SD knows how her mother is and asks all kinds of questions. Seeing her face when we explain things to her hurts because no child should go through that. UGHH... If she only knew how much she is hurting her child. 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/26/2009 
                 12 65 0 Joanne, My sd actually goes to a behaviual therorpist bc she acts up soo badly at her moms house, but bio mom wont tell the doctor that she comes to our house, and up to 2 weeks ago, she has been an angel all the time, but yes recently she has been acting up at the hand of her mother but she does acknowlege it an apologize.....i wish i could tell th bio mom how she is at my house lol....it would stir the pot soooo much though....lol   She denies the whole jealousy thing....lol....but why would she admit it though right,...lol the first time i meet her i wasnt with my bf, and she was talking about how she was trying to break up him n his gf at the time, and how he always went to her for advice an how she could see herself with him....lol....but now she doesnt want him....ya right eh but little did she know he had already broke up with the gf at that time and was confiding with me, a high school friend...lol whoops things went a lil for eh...lol....ahhh well he is know the love of my life and i have to learn todeal with the baggage right?....the biomom is what i meant by baggage my sd daughter would be a blessing...   Joanne, My sd actually goes to a behaviual therorpist bc she acts up soo badly at her moms house, but bio mom wont tell the doctor that she comes to our house, and up to 2 weeks ago, she has been an angel all the time, but yes recently she has been acting up at the hand of her mother but she does acknowlege it an apologize.....i wish i could tell th bio mom how she is at my house lol....it would stir the pot soooo much though....lol   She denies the whole jealousy thing....lol....but why would she admit it though right,...lol the first time i meet her i wasnt with my bf, and she was talking about how she was trying to break up him n his gf at the time, and how he always went to her for advice an how she could see herself with him....lol....but now she doesnt want him....ya right eh but little did she know he had already broke up with the gf at that time and was confiding with me, a high school friend...lol whoops things went a lil for eh...lol....ahhh well he is know the love of my life and i have to learn todeal with the baggage right?....the biomom is what i meant by baggage my sd daughter would be a blessing...   
              Erin -  posted on 01/26/2009 
                 205 9 8 Honey, first of all the only reason shes insulting you is becasue of jelousy. Actually it sounds like everything she has done is becasue of jelousy. Just tell your SD hat it is not very nice the way her mommy talks about you, please keep things that are not nice to herself. Its sad but when your SD grows up she will know the truth. good luck! Honey, first of all the only reason shes insulting you is becasue of jelousy. Actually it sounds like everything she has done is becasue of jelousy. Just tell your SD hat it is not very nice the way her mommy talks about you, please keep things that are not nice to herself. Its sad but when your SD grows up she will know the truth. good luck! 
              Joanne -  posted on 01/26/2009 
                 6 13 0 well that kicking and not listening could just be a taste of her biomom's own medicine.  Hate to say it but what comes around goes around.. Just let the biomom talk her mess. I know I should listen to what I preach but sometimes it is hard cause we are caught in the situation.  The thing you guys can say is well she knows how to calm herself down here at our house and then apologizes for what she did. hehe.. Wait that may be wrong too.. lol.. Cause it's like you will throwing in her face how disciplined she is at your house. hehe 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/26/2009 
                 12 65 0 oh no do you think the mom is just saying that to him now bc she wants my bf to get upset with me.....(even though the biomom has called him way before he confronted her about the mommy said quotes. ) i mean she had called before bc she was acting up, but she never used the line "ever since she has been back from your place..." until after she was confronted.....do you think she was trying to imply that I was making the child kick, like i said hey sd, go home and kick mommy and dont listen to her......lol...i know that probably seems odd to some but you should see proir emails from her, they would explain everything...   I agree with the stuff you said my sd tries to get away with the things both me and my bf have witnessed at her moms house at our house it takes a couple hrs for her to realize that we have rules here....and then she is good but up until a few weeks ago, when her mom said that she dont have to listen to me oh no do you think the mom is just saying that to him now bc she wants my bf to get upset with me.....(even though the biomom has called him way before he confronted her about the mommy said quotes. ) i mean she had called before bc she was acting up, but she never used the line "ever since she has been back from your place..." until after she was confronted.....do you think she was trying to imply that I was making the child kick, like i said hey sd, go home and kick mommy and dont listen to her......lol...i know that probably seems odd to some but you should see proir emails from her, they would explain everything...   I agree with the stuff you said my sd tries to get away with the things both me and my bf have witnessed at her moms house at our house it takes a couple hrs for her to realize that we have rules here....and then she is good but up until a few weeks ago, when her mom said that she dont have to listen to me 
              Joanne -  posted on 01/26/2009 
                 6 13 0 Krystal, It's hard to read what the stepkids are thinking.  Your sd may be trying to see what she can get away with from both sides. Or it could be she is just wanting to get attention.. It's hard. My sd would come back to us with an attitude from hell, because that is how her bio-mom is. But she would be quick to realize that at our house we don't act like that. She also tries to play both sides to see what she can get. However the other side, the biomom, alls into the trap. For example, my sd came up to be almost 3 years ago and asked to call me mommy. I told her that is fine with me. So she has been calling me mommy. However, her biomom states that we are the ones that forced her into calling me mom because that is what the child stated. SHe has a really big problem with that. I think she, the biomom is just upset that her step-dad ( her new hubby) is not as involved in her life as I am. Well, that was until they had a baby together. Now he is just rude to her, but I am still in the wrong for taking care of her. Anyway.. back to you, The child can just be going through some things and just testing you guys. Keep an eye on how she acts when she comes back and see. 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/26/2009 
                 12 65 0 It just seems soo crazy that us step moms have to bite our tounges,,,,frustrating at best....sooo i have an update two weekends ago, my sd said my mommy said i dont have to listen to you....my bf took her home that sunday and confronted the biomom, and as we all know she denied everything.....but at least she knows that we know its her.....my sd came this weekend and wouldnt listen to me and acted completly different....my bf had to work Sat noght and took her aside and gave her a talk about your at daddys house you follow daddy and krystals rules, when daddy goes to work you listen to krystal...we had a bday party for my 8 yr old cousin, everything was going great till toy bags came....they usually are randomly made....my daughter had a red toy and she had the yellow one, and then everything went down hill./....she got grumpy bc she wanted the red....mind you i had no control over the toys, not my party....my cousins mom ended up findind another red toy.....but she still was grumpy.....all three of the older kids love helping out when it comes to the baby....it happened to be my sd turn so i asked her to grab me the babys coat she placed it out of my reach i asked can you bring it a little closer cuz the bb was sleeping in my arms and she proceeded to kick it toward me.....i told her that until she apologized that she wasnt going to beable to help me get the baby things....which goes for my 2 children as well......i then realized that i forgot the bbs toy on the ground were i was sitting oputting her coat on, i asked my daughter to go back and grab it which for some reason upset my sd, bc she started crying......we went up to the front desk of the hotel and sat on the bench and put the bb in her car seat and asked my sd daughter if she wanted me to do up her coat, and she did, then she had said she was soory for being grumpy we hugged and we went home and she helped me bath the bb......now his is were it gets questionable.....today biomom called my bf and said can you come get your daughter bc she wont stop kicking me and wont listen to me......mind you she has called him about this numerous times before her confronted her.....do you think that she was just calling to turn the tables on me like i was the one to make the child kick her and not listen, even though she has complained to both of us previous times, to make my bf confront me......thats what my friends think but they dont have step children......   It just seems soo crazy that us step moms have to bite our tounges,,,,frustrating at best....sooo i have an update two weekends ago, my sd said my mommy said i dont have to listen to you....my bf took her home that sunday and confronted the biomom, and as we all know she denied everything.....but at least she knows that we know its her.....my sd came this weekend and wouldnt listen to me and acted completly different....my bf had to work Sat noght and took her aside and gave her a talk about your at daddys house you follow daddy and krystals rules, when daddy goes to work you listen to krystal...we had a bday party for my 8 yr old cousin, everything was going great till toy bags came....they usually are randomly made....my daughter had a red toy and she had the yellow one, and then everything went down hill./....she got grumpy bc she wanted the red....mind you i had no control over the toys, not my party....my cousins mom ended up findind another red toy.....but she still was grumpy.....all three of the older kids love helping out when it comes to the baby....it happened to be my sd turn so i asked her to grab me the babys coat she placed it out of my reach i asked can you bring it a little closer cuz the bb was sleeping in my arms and she proceeded to kick it toward me.....i told her that until she apologized that she wasnt going to beable to help me get the baby things....which goes for my 2 children as well......i then realized that i forgot the bbs toy on the ground were i was sitting oputting her coat on, i asked my daughter to go back and grab it which for some reason upset my sd, bc she started crying......we went up to the front desk of the hotel and sat on the bench and put the bb in her car seat and asked my sd daughter if she wanted me to do up her coat, and she did, then she had said she was soory for being grumpy we hugged and we went home and she helped me bath the bb......now his is were it gets questionable.....today biomom called my bf and said can you come get your daughter bc she wont stop kicking me and wont listen to me......mind you she has called him about this numerous times before her confronted her.....do you think that she was just calling to turn the tables on me like i was the one to make the child kick her and not listen, even though she has complained to both of us previous times, to make my bf confront me......thats what my friends think but they dont have step children......   
              Joanne -  posted on 01/25/2009 
                 6 13 0 Oh my.. it's hard.. girl.. I know where you are coming. Some mothers just don't know when to stop and say.. hey.. my daughter is getting taken care of and she is loved over there. Some people are just plain stupid.. ugh... 
              Lisa -  posted on 01/25/2009 
                 30 32 2 the best advice I can give you after 14 years of dealing with my husband's ex wife is to ignore as much as possible b/c most times they're just trying to get a rise out of you so they can say... see I told you she was a trouble maker.  Most of our problems through the years have had to do with her wanting money & more $$ & more $$, but there was def a time that she tried (& actually still does from time to time I think) to make my stepson think that I was this great, evil force in the world... & for awhile he bought into it.  You can try to be friendly with her, but you will never (I repeat never) have a normal relationship with her.  The best you can do is do what is best for you & your husband & children (including your stepchild).  Treat her as you would your own, love her just the same no matter what & in the end, it will turn out ok.  Your relationship with your stepdaughter is what counts, not what the ex thinks.  As your stepdaughter gets older she will understand that her mommy was bitter & petty & the time will come when you can sit down & talk to her about everything, but at 4 years old you just have to let it roll off your back & love her just the same.  You also have to remember that no matter what her mommy says she will always be her mommy & your stepdaughter will always defend her to no end, no matter what.  Hope that helps.  I know it's frustrating trust me, you feel like you're always the one that has to bite her tongue & it's so unfair... & it is, but that's just how it is... you'll learn to adjust as will your stepdaughter. the best advice I can give you after 14 years of dealing with my husband's ex wife is to ignore as much as possible b/c most times they're just trying to get a rise out of you so they can say... see I told you she was a trouble maker.  Most of our problems through the years have had to do with her wanting money & more $$ & more $$, but there was def a time that she tried (& actually still does from time to time I think) to make my stepson think that I was this great, evil force in the world... & for awhile he bought into it.  You can try to be friendly with her, but you will never (I repeat never) have a normal relationship with her.  The best you can do is do what is best for you & your husband & children (including your stepchild).  Treat her as you would your own, love her just the same no matter what & in the end, it will turn out ok.  Your relationship with your stepdaughter is what counts, not what the ex thinks.  As your stepdaughter gets older she will understand that her mommy was bitter & petty & the time will come when you can sit down & talk to her about everything, but at 4 years old you just have to let it roll off your back & love her just the same.  You also have to remember that no matter what her mommy says she will always be her mommy & your stepdaughter will always defend her to no end, no matter what.  Hope that helps.  I know it's frustrating trust me, you feel like you're always the one that has to bite her tongue & it's so unfair... & it is, but that's just how it is... you'll learn to adjust as will your stepdaughter. 
              Rachel -  posted on 01/25/2009 
                 3 22 0 Oh ive had the your not my mommy you are just my step mommy you cant tell me what to do..... that was from a 4 yr old at the time who had just spent a day with her mom, and was back home with us, the BM said when pulled up about it that she WOULD never tell her daughter say such a thing, the child on the other hand said she was told to say it lol..... i just wonder what eles has been said, I am on friendly terms with their mom i do most of the arranging cause my husband and her just cant get along, or agree. You do what you have to do for the sake of the children.   Oh ive had the your not my mommy you are just my step mommy you cant tell me what to do..... that was from a 4 yr old at the time who had just spent a day with her mom, and was back home with us, the BM said when pulled up about it that she WOULD never tell her daughter say such a thing, the child on the other hand said she was told to say it lol..... i just wonder what eles has been said, I am on friendly terms with their mom i do most of the arranging cause my husband and her just cant get along, or agree. You do what you have to do for the sake of the children.   
              Allison -  posted on 01/24/2009 
                 4 6 0 I wish that I had some encouraging words, but I get the feeling that I'm going to be in your shoes very soon.  My fiancee has a 2 year old daughter, and her mother says that I'm a home wrecker, and doesn't think very highly of me.  I can just imagine what she is saying to his daughter.  Luckily she doesn't talk much yet, but I'm just trying to prepare myself for the "you can't tell me what to do, you're not my mom" conversation, so let me know how things go between you and his ex. I wish that I had some encouraging words, but I get the feeling that I'm going to be in your shoes very soon.  My fiancee has a 2 year old daughter, and her mother says that I'm a home wrecker, and doesn't think very highly of me.  I can just imagine what she is saying to his daughter.  Luckily she doesn't talk much yet, but I'm just trying to prepare myself for the "you can't tell me what to do, you're not my mom" conversation, so let me know how things go between you and his ex. 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 12 65 0 I hear ya....Im at wits end... my sd random says that too....awww doesnt it make you forget the drama for a min.... the bm makes random lies up to try and get my bf mad at me to....like me and his mom were in walmart one day having a great time laughing and joking buying my twins(baby wasnt here yet) clothes and toys......that same day this supposedly happened I was with shawn here worked nights i didnt have a sitter to go out shopping with his mom......and to top it all off she was at work and stayed in the city at her other sons house that weekend so she would have to drive back home an hour to work in the morning.....crazy eh....lol.....oh ya and I supposedly said some horrible things about the child but she cant tell us who i supposedly said it to or what i said......oh an then when court started she told my bf that her friend that said i said those things is now saying she didnt say it, the bm doesnt believe the friend now, and still thinks the friend said it.......did that make sense....lol....Im still trying to make sense of it.... have you gotten visitations through a court....she could be held in contempt if she doesnt follow the court order ( if there is one) I hear ya....Im at wits end... my sd random says that too....awww doesnt it make you forget the drama for a min.... the bm makes random lies up to try and get my bf mad at me to....like me and his mom were in walmart one day having a great time laughing and joking buying my twins(baby wasnt here yet) clothes and toys......that same day this supposedly happened I was with shawn here worked nights i didnt have a sitter to go out shopping with his mom......and to top it all off she was at work and stayed in the city at her other sons house that weekend so she would have to drive back home an hour to work in the morning.....crazy eh....lol.....oh ya and I supposedly said some horrible things about the child but she cant tell us who i supposedly said it to or what i said......oh an then when court started she told my bf that her friend that said i said those things is now saying she didnt say it, the bm doesnt believe the friend now, and still thinks the friend said it.......did that make sense....lol....Im still trying to make sense of it.... have you gotten visitations through a court....she could be held in contempt if she doesnt follow the court order ( if there is one) 
              Dawn -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 188 30 21 Some baby mama's are just like little kids .... they want your attention - good attention or bad attention - they don't care as long as you notice them..... I gave up trying to be friendly with mine.  She just loves to play games.  She acts all nice, does something stupid, denies she did it, and blames you for the problem....and I'm stand there like "what just happened?".... LOL!   That child likes you...and you know it.  Give her candy and she'll love you forever! LOL!  She's 4!    I am crazy over my SS and he loves me.  As a mom, it would thrill me if my children's stepmom loved my kids (cause she don't).  The BM's don't appreciate your relationship with their child - but the child always will... Just a random story...all our kids were at the house, I was cooking dinner, my 4 year old ss said to me completely out of the blue, "Dawn, I love you."  That thrilled my soul.   I was so happy to have him back in our lives.   It was short lived.  She started her crap again.  Makes me sad. Some baby mama's are just like little kids .... they want your attention - good attention or bad attention - they don't care as long as you notice them..... I gave up trying to be friendly with mine.  She just loves to play games.  She acts all nice, does something stupid, denies she did it, and blames you for the problem....and I'm stand there like "what just happened?".... LOL!   That child likes you...and you know it.  Give her candy and she'll love you forever! LOL!  She's 4!    I am crazy over my SS and he loves me.  As a mom, it would thrill me if my children's stepmom loved my kids (cause she don't).  The BM's don't appreciate your relationship with their child - but the child always will... Just a random story...all our kids were at the house, I was cooking dinner, my 4 year old ss said to me completely out of the blue, "Dawn, I love you."  That thrilled my soul.   I was so happy to have him back in our lives.   It was short lived.  She started her crap again.  Makes me sad. 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 12 65 0 I know i still try and have hope that one day we can be on at least talking terms....and then oone day we are then as i mentioned above she leaves the guy in her life at that time and then the hell starts again./....lol......what can you do.....normally if some random person was acting a fool like this, id delete them outta my life but you kinda cant in these situations.....its almost like she is using her child as bait......its soooo wrong.....the omly reason why i would like a conversational relationship with her is for the childs sake, i wish she would just get it......it just seems like we are trying to get along for the child but she would rather brainwash her into thinking like her......sucks....lol......the thing that bugs me the most is how she gets the child to say she doesnt like me....how is a child supposed to even make that judgment she is 4 yrs old?   I have read that thread, im just wondering when mines gonna attach my thread....lol....and the thing that gets me is they say they want no involvement in our lives but then try and become the center of it.... I know i still try and have hope that one day we can be on at least talking terms....and then oone day we are then as i mentioned above she leaves the guy in her life at that time and then the hell starts again./....lol......what can you do.....normally if some random person was acting a fool like this, id delete them outta my life but you kinda cant in these situations.....its almost like she is using her child as bait......its soooo wrong.....the omly reason why i would like a conversational relationship with her is for the childs sake, i wish she would just get it......it just seems like we are trying to get along for the child but she would rather brainwash her into thinking like her......sucks....lol......the thing that bugs me the most is how she gets the child to say she doesnt like me....how is a child supposed to even make that judgment she is 4 yrs old?   I have read that thread, im just wondering when mines gonna attach my thread....lol....and the thing that gets me is they say they want no involvement in our lives but then try and become the center of it.... 
              Dawn -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 188 30 21 Oh, Krystal and you want to talk about LOW... check out the thread "Mom's what would you do?". I started it about another situation in my life.  My husband's baby mama, tracked me down, made up a fake profile and started commenting on what I wrote.  I called her out and she kept talking junk - just making herself look crazier.... this is the 45 year old woman!!!!   Oh, Krystal and you want to talk about LOW... check out the thread "Mom's what would you do?". I started it about another situation in my life.  My husband's baby mama, tracked me down, made up a fake profile and started commenting on what I wrote.  I called her out and she kept talking junk - just making herself look crazier.... this is the 45 year old woman!!!!   
              Dawn -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 188 30 21 Girl...I know.... they will NEVER put themselves in your shoes.  Their anger  and bitterness is far to powerful.  I've spent so much time trying to be nice to, rationalize with and reach out to my huband's BM and she damn near spitts in my face everytime and then lies about what she did.  And I'm talking about a 45 year old woman....  If she hasn't learned kindness and how to be a good mom by 45, there's no hope!! LOL! All I can say, is stick to your guns.  You're the boss in your home and she will follow your rules.  One day, she will really appreciate you and she'll look at her own mom with disgust for acting like such a fool. Girl...I know.... they will NEVER put themselves in your shoes.  Their anger  and bitterness is far to powerful.  I've spent so much time trying to be nice to, rationalize with and reach out to my huband's BM and she damn near spitts in my face everytime and then lies about what she did.  And I'm talking about a 45 year old woman....  If she hasn't learned kindness and how to be a good mom by 45, there's no hope!! LOL! All I can say, is stick to your guns.  You're the boss in your home and she will follow your rules.  One day, she will really appreciate you and she'll look at her own mom with disgust for acting like such a fool. 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 12 65 0 oh im totally not worried bout the bb weight lol....i just think its a really low that she has to stoop to that level.....we have told my sd that we follow our rules here and she is to follow mommys at home.....it just sucks bc the days we get here it takes her hrs to act like a normal child around me....i mean this poor child has been taught such horrible body language, like rolling her eyes when i enforce our household rules,.....my children are 3(twins) and 6 months and my sd is 4, soo basically every rule the twins have go for her too....but i just dont get how the mom can say dont listen to her.....my bf works sometimes they days we have her, when he does does the bm expect me to call dad everytime she breaks a rule, bc im not "aloud" to enforce our rules......lol......i just think these bb mamas need to put their selves in our shoes to see what their crap puts us through....you know....lol... oh im totally not worried bout the bb weight lol....i just think its a really low that she has to stoop to that level.....we have told my sd that we follow our rules here and she is to follow mommys at home.....it just sucks bc the days we get here it takes her hrs to act like a normal child around me....i mean this poor child has been taught such horrible body language, like rolling her eyes when i enforce our household rules,.....my children are 3(twins) and 6 months and my sd is 4, soo basically every rule the twins have go for her too....but i just dont get how the mom can say dont listen to her.....my bf works sometimes they days we have her, when he does does the bm expect me to call dad everytime she breaks a rule, bc im not "aloud" to enforce our rules......lol......i just think these bb mamas need to put their selves in our shoes to see what their crap puts us through....you know....lol... 
              Dawn -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 188 30 21 Using your child to piss off another adult has got to be some sort of mental abuse.  Poor kid.  Poor you.  Here's what I think.  You MUST take the high-road.  You must be the bigger person.  You need to tell that child that talking like that to a grown up is not ok.  You also cannot allow the child to "My mommy says I can do this - or I don't have to do that".  Its ok to point out to the child that she is in Daddy's and Krystal's  house now and she will follow Daddy and Krystal's rules and when she is at mommy's house she can follow mommy's rules.  Girl, don't worry about baby weight!  That crazy baby mama is just so jealous of you.  You've got what she wants...  Good luck. Using your child to piss off another adult has got to be some sort of mental abuse.  Poor kid.  Poor you.  Here's what I think.  You MUST take the high-road.  You must be the bigger person.  You need to tell that child that talking like that to a grown up is not ok.  You also cannot allow the child to "My mommy says I can do this - or I don't have to do that".  Its ok to point out to the child that she is in Daddy's and Krystal's  house now and she will follow Daddy and Krystal's rules and when she is at mommy's house she can follow mommy's rules.  Girl, don't worry about baby weight!  That crazy baby mama is just so jealous of you.  You've got what she wants...  Good luck. 
              Krystal -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 12 65 0 i havent shown any emotion after my sd says a mommy line.....And my BF will tell her to quit talking badly about me infront of their daughter, but she denies it. How else would the child say something like that, right?....i dunno. We seems to get anlong when she has a man in her life, but once she leaves him, all hell breaks lose and Im this horrible person she says if she finds out my man is working on his weekends that she will come to my house and take her home....why you ask, because she doesnt want me around her daughter I am nothing to her never will be. Oh and i almost forgot, she still metions to this day, that my children look nothing like my bf, or her daughter, and that he is only with me so he doesnt have to pay child support. I recently had a baby she is 6 months I have been on mat leave since may, so really my bf is paying more now then if he were to pay child support....like how do you put aside this little comments? Its hard man, I am a very verbal person and hae not said one thing to this girl....and everytime something is said evrything else comes back to me......and make the new comment that much more unforgiving i havent shown any emotion after my sd says a mommy line.....And my BF will tell her to quit talking badly about me infront of their daughter, but she denies it. How else would the child say something like that, right?....i dunno. We seems to get anlong when she has a man in her life, but once she leaves him, all hell breaks lose and Im this horrible person she says if she finds out my man is working on his weekends that she will come to my house and take her home....why you ask, because she doesnt want me around her daughter I am nothing to her never will be. Oh and i almost forgot, she still metions to this day, that my children look nothing like my bf, or her daughter, and that he is only with me so he doesnt have to pay child support. I recently had a baby she is 6 months I have been on mat leave since may, so really my bf is paying more now then if he were to pay child support....like how do you put aside this little comments? Its hard man, I am a very verbal person and hae not said one thing to this girl....and everytime something is said evrything else comes back to me......and make the new comment that much more unforgiving 
              Becki -  posted on 01/23/2009 
                 1 10 1 First off, my sympathies, because I know how you feel. My husband's ex was a whack when he and I first got together and all through our engagement. She would tell the boys not to listen to me or be nice to me...if they listened or were nice, than there would be repercussions when they got home and she did drill them when they got home. After we got married, she lightened up alot and we actually became friends. I never showed her that what she had to say bothered me and continually showed the boys love. When they would say my mommy said this or my mommy said that, I would simply state that I am sorry that their mommy feels that way about me, but I like her or thought she was nice or a good mommy or whatever and showed no anger or emotion whatsoever that what she said had bothered me...if she knows she is getting to you, she will keep on digging in on you. Once the kids were gone, I talked about it to my husband, but he never let her know that she was getting to me. Kids are really an open book and very observant and can be lurking around any corner to listen to what you have to say, so that is why it is so important not to say anything until after she leaves and don't show any type of emotion whether it be a facial gesture, sigh, change in body language...nothin when she pops up with a my mommy says statement. I basically killed my husband's ex with kindness and I don't know if it was my kindness or how I reacted, but after awhile, she came around and like I said, we became friends and the three of us are able to work together and do what is in the best interest of the kids.  First off, my sympathies, because I know how you feel. My husband's ex was a whack when he and I first got together and all through our engagement. She would tell the boys not to listen to me or be nice to me...if they listened or were nice, than there would be repercussions when they got home and she did drill them when they got home. After we got married, she lightened up alot and we actually became friends. I never showed her that what she had to say bothered me and continually showed the boys love. When they would say my mommy said this or my mommy said that, I would simply state that I am sorry that their mommy feels that way about me, but I like her or thought she was nice or a good mommy or whatever and showed no anger or emotion whatsoever that what she said had bothered me...if she knows she is getting to you, she will keep on digging in on you. Once the kids were gone, I talked about it to my husband, but he never let her know that she was getting to me. Kids are really an open book and very observant and can be lurking around any corner to listen to what you have to say, so that is why it is so important not to say anything until after she leaves and don't show any type of emotion whether it be a facial gesture, sigh, change in body language...nothin when she pops up with a my mommy says statement. I basically killed my husband's ex with kindness and I don't know if it was my kindness or how I reacted, but after awhile, she came around and like I said, we became friends and the three of us are able to work together and do what is in the best interest of the kids.  Sign up for Circle of Moms and be a part of this community! Membership is just one click away. Top Communities  Topics Top Features  Learn More   ©2016 POPSUGAR Inc. • Insanely Addictive™  • PopSugar •  PopSugar Living • PopSugar Moms    Right Pundits  RP On the Web! 

					LaShae Boone is Santonio Holmes Baby Mama				
 At 24 years old, Steeler Wide Receiver Santonio Holmes is already the father of three children. Two are with his high school sweetheart, Nicole King, and one with LaShae Boone who is his youngest child’s baby mama. Read about her and see a photo below.   LaShae Boone  LaShae and Santonio kept a low “couple” profile. We didn’t find them at glamorous events or charitable soirees. We didn’t find LaShae on a famous designer’s runway, as we often do other NFL wives and girlfriends.  We did find them in a Florida court. LaShae filed charges of domestic violence and assault against Holmes in June 2006. By December 2006, charges were dropped when Holmes agreed to receive “counseling.” What kind of counseling is not known. Their daughter, Sanyia, was just a few months old at the time the charges were filed. It seem LaShae and Santonio have an on-and-off relationship.  Santonio is not exactly a shy guy, but he’s keeping a lid on his recent love life. Slated to perform big in the coming Super Bowl XLIII, February 1, 2009, Holmes says he is focused on the game.  Santonio Holmes, Pittsburgh Steelers Wide Receiver  Headlines say Holmes can make history in this Super Bowl. Glory can be found in Bowl 43 with a punt return for a touchdown. Santonio Holmes may be just the man to do it. Holmes returned a punt for 67 yards against the San Diego Chargers, known for their admirable punt coverage, as well as a 25 yard punt return against the Ravens in the AFC Championship. The Cardinals on the other hand have Steve Breaston who scored his very first career TD in September on a 73-yard punt return against…the Pittsburgh Steelers – although, in general, the Cardinals are considered to have less than admirable punt coverage. Maybe a Super Bowl XLIII ring will bring Santonio a new woman. Comments are closed.  'Dancing Bear' Lauder Heir Cuts Off His 'Debutramp' Baby Mama You may also like Recent from Owen Thomas Why You Should Care About Apple’s Fight With the FBI Everything That Was Too Expensive to Include in Deadpool How Tennessee’s Head Trainer Took Control Of The Allegations Against Peyton Manning Valleywag&apos;s Ex-Editor Has Become Some Kind Of Monstrous Fitbro Yeah, I&apos;m the fat guy at 0:29. For the record, I&apos;ve lost 83 pounds since this was filmed. Oh well! Nothing like having a big old… Valleywag: An Instruction Manual 


                The Dancing Bear vs. Debutramp Petition
            



                The Dancing Bear vs. Debutramp Petition
            



                The Dancing Bear vs. Debutramp Petition
            

 


                Everyone In The Estee Lauder Clan Is Somewhat Despicable
            



                Everyone In The Estee Lauder Clan Is Somewhat Despicable
            



                Everyone In The Estee Lauder Clan Is Somewhat Desp
            

  Taylor Stein, the mother of Estée Lauder CEO William Lauder's love child, is going to court to get him to pay a $9.5 million settlement he agreed to in exchange for her silence. On February 17, Stein's lawyer, Ed Hayes, filed a petition with a New York court which oversees trust funds, seeking to force out William's brother, Silicon Valley venture capitalist Gary Lauder, as its trustee. A court date has been set for March 20. Update: After the publication of this post, a lawyer representing William Lauder contacted us. We made a few updates to the post, where appropriate, to note their concerns. Advertisement  The complaint has emails (see below) sent by William, going by the handle "Dancing Bear," to Stein's "Debutramp" account. Debutramp is the name of an autobiographical novel that Stein, daughter of a well-known New York nightclub owner Howard Stein, is writing. Hayes's petition, which includes the original settlement agreement which Stein and Lauder signed in 2007, is posted here. 


                Read more Read more

 William, part of the mostly despicable Lauder clan, resigned agreed to step down within two years from his post as CEO of the family-owned cosmetics empire in favor of a successor shortly after the New York Post revealed the existence of Lauder's daughter in 2007. (His successor, Fabrizio Freda, is currently president and COO, and is expected to take over Lauder's job this year.) The Post noted Stein's history of dating rich olds and reported negotiations over the settlement agreement, which was completed in November of that year. Stein agreed to move to California and not disclose the identity of Djuna's father to anyone, even Djuna herself. Sponsored  
If there is anyone I can't stand reading about it would have to be Aerin Lauder. She is Estee…

                Read more Read more

  The only hitch: William, who has two daughters with his wife, Karen, apparently decided he had to meet his new daughter. Last year, he flew to Los Angeles to visit Stein and Djuna. Hayes, Stein's lawyer, says Karen Lauder learned of the visit and ordered William not to contact his daughter or her mother again — yet, according to emails filed with the court petition, he continued to correspond with her. William then asked Stein to fly with Djuna to New York, according to Hayes. They met in the Pierre Hotel, Hayes said, where William's father, Leonard Lauder, saw Stein and Djuna. (Lauder's lawyer says that Leonard and Stein did not meet in the Pierre, and that William did not arrange the meeting. Hayes agrees on the latter point. In an interview, he described the meeting as a "coincidence.") Evelyn Lauder, William's mother, then learned of her granddaughter's existence and met presence in town and asked to meet her — a demand William found hard to refuse because, according to Hayes, she is ill from cancer. (Lauder is a noted breast-cancer survivor who has raised considerable money for cancer research. William's emails to Stein mention his mother's illness but do not specify the ailment. His lawyer say Evelyn Lauder does not have cancer.) Karen then reportedly demanded Stein and Djuna stay out of New York. According to Stein's petition, Karen threatened to divorce William. Hayes believes that Karen is less concerned about William seeing Djuna than her mother-in-law getting to know the child. Here's why: If Evelyn and Leonard Lauder write Djuna into their will, Karen's daughters will get a smaller cut of the family's estimated $3 billion fortune. Advertisement  What makes William's actions seem especially cold: At the same time that he was sending tender-hearted emails to Stein, he was having his brother Gary move to cut off payments from her trust. Here are William and Stein's emails:     In her email, Lauder's lawyer writes: William Lauder is in complete compliance with his obligation to his youngest daughter. No payments due to the child by William Lauder have been "cut off;" to the contrary, he has made every payment he is obligated to pay. The dispute between Ms. Stein and William Lauder arises from Ms. Stein's failure to comply with her obligations under an agreement. In the court petition Hayes filed for Stein, he writes: William is now claiming that the encounters between his parents and Djuna are in breach of the Settlement Agreement, a ridiculous claim formulated to avoid his future payment obligations and to appease his wife, Karen, who threatens an immensely expensive divorce if William continues interacting with Ms. Stein and Djuna. 
(Photos via New York Social Diary, Magazine Publishers of America)  More Drama With Sisqo's Alleged Son & Baby Mama Comments Log in to post a new comment That child looks just like He has to deny it, she was 

N: She’s wasn’t too bright I am not about no baby mama The girl's name is Jamilla That little boy looks just Sisqo knows da** well that's I don't care of Jay-Z is his HELLO!! Do you think its Do what you have to do! It is YOU GO GIRL! YOUR SON DESERVE the boy does have features. Really don't care if his Whatever...the child is very 

LSU GYRL is going to see this is a wak story :( this what kind of mother is she to Uhhh....didn't his passport GIRL GET YOUR MONEY. WHY Good timing with the kid I dont know if he is his or I don't think she would go 

Focused1: The collage she 

Fashionista911: Umm 

Gorgeous1/ Bey Stan #14/  I The collage she called Umm homegirl there had to be Try the legal system not the 

EVERYTHANG? Everythang!: aaliyah has nothing to do I thought SISQO was GAY - the little boy is a cutie, 10 years ago sisqo was 21 and HE'S THE FATHER. I meant through* the I don't really think she LOL at this post.

Sisqo, you How about the fact that he If this is your son you need lol@ everyone throwing salt I thought Sisqo came out and I believe it. HE'S damnnnnn yo sisqo if u have fyi... she did go to court She's wasn't too bright at 14 He is super cute! y is she contacting all the Yep...he that baby papie. Cute kid and good luck with 

Yas: LOL @ Sisqo actually Log in to post a new comment GET YBF E-MAIL ALERTS!     


 
 56604  Enter your e-mail address to get YBF updates in your inbox!  Rick Don't Love The Kids? Tia (Rick Ross's Baby Mama) Says Ross Wont Even Talk To His Own Son! "He Aint Pay His Child Support. Aint Send A Check Or Nothing" + Says Her 10yr Old Son Are Diein To See The s3x Tape! + Calls Torch & Gunplay By Their Re RECOMMENDED VIDEOS SPONSORED CONTENT Rick Don't Love The Kids? Tia (Rick Ross's Baby Mama) Says Ross Wont Even Talk To His Own Son! "He Aint Pay His Child Support. Aint Send A Check Or Nothing" + Says Her 10yr Old Son Are Diein To See The Sex Tape! + Calls Torch & Gunplay By Their Real Name "Richie & Kevin" [AUDIO] Please click the “Report” button below if the video on this page is not working properly. Report this video! NEVERMIND, TAKE ME BACK Thanks! Your cooperation in making Worldstar a better site is always appreciated. Our team will now look into fixing this error. Embedding Options (Click to copy)  
            I left my Crazy Baby Mama once and for all But I miss my Baby...does that make me a Bad FATHER?
         Answers Add your answer Pagination Report Abuse Report Abuse Report Abuse Ask a question Related Questions Answer Questions 
Trending
 Additional Details Additional Details Additional Details Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Add a comment Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our  Copyright/IP Policy Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our  Copyright/IP Policy Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our  Copyright/IP Policy   
      Akon’s Baby’s Mama Says She Can’t Serve Him With Papers — Threatens To Take Ad In L.A. Times  Related Akon's baby's mother is prepared to go to extraordinary lengths to get the singer to pay up on his child support. Farrah Coleman, the mother of the singer/producer's youngest son, alleges that she's tried numerous times to serve Akon with legal papers, but can't seem to find him. So, she's threatening to take out an ad in the Los Angeles Times to get his attention. Despite her claims, the singer/producer was spotted by TMZ paparazzi who questioned him regarding the matter, to which Akon say he wasn't hard to find. "I'm a celebrity," Akon told TMZ cameras. "My schedule is on the Internet. You can go on my MySpace, it'll tell you where I'm at!" Via, his lawyer, Akon claims that he's trying to handle the matter privately, and has been cooperative in doing so thus far. "Akon has taken responsibility and has been extremely cooperative and proactive in handling this private matter," said his lawyer in a statement back in July. "Paternity was only established just over 30 days ago. Since the case was filed outside of Georgia jurisdiction, where he is a legal resident, Akon is currently in the process of engaging counsel in California and will continue to handle this matter in a timely manner." The singer reportedly raked in around $20 million last year, so money isn't a problem. He's is the owner of the Kon Live record label, home to pop princess Lady Gaga.  More proof that money will make a woman sleep with anybody. Akon isn't to far behind Flav and Wayne in the ugly negro department. WHY ARE SOME WOMEN SOOOOOOOOO EAGER TO HAVE YOUR CHILD BUT THEN WHEN THINGS DON'T WORK OUT THEY MAKE IT OUT TO BE A MISSION IN LIFE TO DESTROY AND EMBARRASS YOU TO THE FULLEST LENGHT?????? YOU KNOW SUM WOMEN USE THEIR COOCHIE AS THEIR TRUMP CARD OR GET OUT OF JAIL (THA HOOD) CARD!!!!!! I SAID SUM SO DON'T START BASHING!!!!!!! @veangance co-sign. these bitches bringing kids into the world as a f*ckin meal ticket, don't get me wrong kids deserve the best that can be provided, but having one for the soul purpose of gettin a car, house, money and hair and nails done is bullshit. Im still laughing at George's comment These guys need to more careful the women don't make kids by themselves. And these cats should know it's their money that attracts these women. If they honestly tell you what their women looked like before the fame , you would know, what's real. Another gold digger on a mission He's married with wife and kids. Very disrespectable to his family. I wouldn't put up wit that sh!t no matter how much $ he got! why are men so eager to flash some $$ and flaunt expensive cars to get a woman but once he has her he feigns surprise when a baby gets in the mix. whether these women "use their coochies as meal tickets" or not, men need to take care of their responsibilities. AGAIN!!!! DON'T BLAME THE CHICKS. JUST AS BUSES COME EVERY 15 MINUTES SO DO CONVENIENCE STORES THAT SELL CONDOMS AND FLUNKIES TO GO GET THEM FOR THESE STARS. IT KILLS ME THAT THESE CELEBS KEEP SLEEPING WITH ALL THESE CHICKS RAW THEN ARE SURPRISED THAT THEIR ANATOMY DOES WHAT IT WAS DESIGNED TO DO----REPRODUCE!!! STRAP UP IDIOTS!!! AND FOR THE MARRIED GUYS. RESPECT YOUR VOWS OR ATLEAST REPSECT YOUR WIFE ENOUGH TO STRAP UP AND NOT PUT HER AT RISK FOR STDs, BABIES OR EMBARRASSMENT! JENNY JONES!!!! She been a freak from oakland  Enter your email to subscribe. Never miss a story, delivered to your inbox. 
   Off topic... I'm a stepmom with baby mama issues Comments (10) Badge nomination  Related Photo Clubs Please sign in Get Help Membership & Newsletters BabyCenter Shortcuts BabyCenter Mobile Our U.S. Sites Our International Sites Sorry this is so long… BMD: baby mama drama, BM: baby mama, SD: Stepdaughter My husband and I have been married for a year and a half. We are expecting our first child together. A little girl… I am about 6 and a half months pregnant. My husband is a great man, he is 8 years older than me and so devoted to me. However when he was 19 he got his girlfriend pregnant. He asked her to marry him, she refused. When I asked him why he didn’t use protection he says he thought they would be together forever. She just didn’t appreciate him. So when their daughter was a year old they split. There was no custody agreement, no child support. He didn’t send money consistently from years 1-5 because he took care of his daughter part time and would get her whatever she needed when she was with him. From 5 years old to 8 (now) he has sent money consistently every two weeks like voluntary child support. And since we got married he has been sending more. We waited a year to get pregnant because we wanted this experience to be completely different than when he had his first child. We wanted to be responsible and prepared. BM has been married for about 3-4 years and lives in Miami. My hubby and I are active duty military serving in Alaska. When we told BM and SD that we were pregnant, SD was very excited and BM congratulated us. I was very surprised when we asked BM when/if we could get SD for the summer she agreed. So we started saving our money for SD’s trip up here 4 months ago. Plane ticket, bed, mattress, bedding, summer day camp, and a couple road trips. 2 months ago BM changed her mind. SD was not going to be allowed to fly up here with the escort the airline provides. The only way SD was going to visit for the summer was if we bought her round trip ticket and had hubby fly down to Miami, stay for a night in a hotel, pick SD up, fly her to Alaska. Then on the return trip fly her back to Miami, stay a night there again and then fly back to Alaska. The already $3000 trip was going to be costing us $5000 if we had to do things that way. We are saving for a baby, how could we afford it??? Somehow my hubby got her to calm down and change her mind… but every couple weeks after that there was the drama of her changing her mind again, me freaking out that SD couldn’t come up, and my hubby calming BM down and getting her to go back to the original plan… until last week. We put the tickets on hold and forwarded the itinerary to BM to be sure it would work out. We got a phone call from her : NO, I AM MAKING THE FINAL DECISION SHE WILL NOT GO UP THERE UNLESS YOU COME DOWN HERE AND PICK HER UP. So here I am pregnant and being stressed out week in and week out to finally have to deal with my poor husband’s sad defeated face. He thinks we can’t afford it, he doesn’t want to take money and time away from this baby for his daughter. He doesn’t want this baby to have to suffer as his daughter already has. So he was done, he told me we would just have to see SD next year when we could afford it. I take care of our finances and I knew we could do it if I just tweaked the budget a bit. I let him know we could do it. He was still upset because he doesn’t think he should have to sacrifice so much… But he called BM and told her we would bow to her wishes. But this time there was another issue, surprise, surprise. My dear Mother-In-Law had called BM and told her that she didn’t trust the airline escort program either and what’s more she didn’t trust her son and I to take care of her granddaughter (my husband’s daughter!). Well somehow we got to the bottom of this, made a compromise and the hubby is flying to SD’s first layover, and then flying back here to Alaska. Just the halfway deal, which we can deal with. Its an extra $1150 but my hubby really needs to see his daughter and I want to meet her before baby sis comes along in August. Needless to say the hubby is not very happy with his mom and hasn’t talked to her since this incident. Prior to that we didn’t have any issues with her… Anyways, we bought the tickets. However, yesterday morning I got a call at 0430am! Being in the military and in Alaska with that volcano a call that early can mean a lot and none of it good. However once I jumped out of bed woke up my husband to help me find my phone and checked my messages guess who it was? BM calling to say she would appreciate me emailing her the hubby’s itineraries. I already had sent her her daughter’s however she apparently didn’t trust me when I told her I bought the hubby’s tickets and he would meet SD halfway through the trip. I texted her back asking her to please consider the time next time she called, asked her what reason would I have to lie to her about the flights, and promised to forward the itineraries at a decent hour. Her reply was next time I call I expect you to cooperate and I don’t trust you at all and have your husband call me. I sucked up after that saying I meant no disrespect and it was really early. She didn’t reply or apologize to me or anything. However when she called my husband later on yesterday she apologized to him for calling so early. Why couldn’t she apologize to me??? Last but definitely not least we called his daughter last week to talk to her about her upcoming trip. He talked to her first then he asked her if she wanted to talk to me she, she said yes. So I asked her how she was, if she was excited about coming up here etc. We got off the phone and not even 3mins later BM calls us back yelling: MY DAUGHTER IS NOT TALKING TO THAT WOMAN AGAIN, SHE IS NOT GOING UP THERE THE TRIP IS OFF! Apparently SD lied to her mother, telling her I had said that I was mad at someone in her family when we were on the phone together. Obviously I didn’t say anything like that, I know what to say and what not to say in front of an 8 year old child. I think all this drama and worry has been affecting BM and she has been getting upset with me over it. Therefore her daughter is lying about me and making me out to be the bad person. I just don’t know how this will pan out once SD gets up here and we meet for the first time… EEEEK Help with advice please, this is my first BMD experience. Alexandria (20) Active Duty Airwoman; wife to my dear Active Duty Airman *Mark (28)* mother to *Allana Jeanae* (8/20/09) stepmother to *Niah* (2/19/01) I would say I would not be comfortable with an 8 yr old flying by herself from Miami to Alaska. That is a very long trip. I think husband needs to be the one to deal with his ex and childcare issues. he is the dad. I think the BM might not like having to go through you. It is weird that BM keeps changing her mind about the trip. I would be prepared for SD to freak out and want to go home early. I agree with PP.  I have huge BMD issues and believe that it is best if BF handles all of it since they are his children.  If I got involved, it would cause more problems.   It also seems that their arrangement concerning visitation and support payments has worked in the past, but may not be working anymore.  He may want to consider having a lawyer draw up some kind of proper document that would spell out a specific visitation schedule and who is responsible for paying for the child's travel because I don't think it should all fall on you.  The mother should contribute as well.  With a visitation agreement in place, it would at least guarantee your husband would see his child despite BM's whims. Lauren Isaiah~Aug.'09 Myla~Dec. '14 I'm a step-mom too and my biggest advice is visit (and post if you'd like) the Step Parents *The Original* board!  I live on it and the girls there are very honest with their opinions and advice!  (Sometimes too honest at times I guess but they're wonderful and very supportive when you need to vent and are looking for answers!)  :) Amy, married to Ryan 8/19/08 DSS 10 Baby Ayden born August 13, 2009 I didn't begin dealing with her until she wasn't getting the picture from my Husband, I don't talk to her unless I have to or unless she specifically asks to talk to me. I am as much a part of this child's life as her father, or at least I should be and he agrees and BM just needs to understand that. Alexandria (20) Active Duty Airwoman; wife to my dear Active Duty Airman *Mark (28)* mother to *Allana Jeanae* (8/20/09) stepmother to *Niah* (2/19/01) I just don't understand my DH. I posted my situation on Legaladvice.com and got a call and a free consultation from a lawyer in SD's state of residence. He explained everything to me and I agreed with him completely that we should get visitation in writing. Hubby disagrees, or at least he isn't agreeing right now. He thinks if this summer visit goes well BM will bend to our wishes next time, yeah right! Everything will be on her terms and I know it, and even if she does bend a little why do WE have to be the ones to go through the fear of her changing her mind? Or thinking we saved enough and then having to pay more every year? The lawyer said we wouldn't be caught paying for the last 8 years worth of child support because she NEVER claimed, though she easily could have. I don't know what else to do with him. I guess I'll just have to wait for him to see the light, to see that having things in writing is the best thing for SD. He says that because BM hasn't filed child support and had faith in our paying he shouldn't disrespect her by filing for custody. It would be a different matter if we didn't pay the child support. But we do. What would filing for child support do for her besides maybe providing security or peace of mind... I don't care if she files, but he does, I don't know why... I know we pay the amount she would claim for so I just don't know. It wouldn't be disrespectful to take her to court for custody because that would be in the best interest of SD, unlike going in for child support, because we already provide that. I tried to explain that to him. She is provided for and cared for. however she does not get to see her daddy that much, and the only time she gets to now is when? When its according to BM's terms and costing us $3000 a trip!!!! I told him we should try to work something out with her first but if she doesn't listen or doesn't agree to fly halfway herself next time... we should go to court as plan B. He said I'll think about it.... What is there to think about though? UGH! I just don't know. I don't want MY daughter to be pulled into all this stress with BM and SD I want it done in writing and no longer DRAMA! I wish he would understand and see how much better that would be. No more calming BM down and convincing her and weedling and trying to sweettalk her into letting her daughter fly up here in an affordable way. NO MORE with a court order! He just doesn't understand. Wouldn't it be better though, for all of us, the whole family, especially SD and new baby coming? UGH! Alexandria (20) Active Duty Airwoman; wife to my dear Active Duty Airman *Mark (28)* mother to *Allana Jeanae* (8/20/09) stepmother to *Niah* (2/19/01) I'm sorry this has been so hectic. I'm not speaking from experience, but only as an objective observer: You *need* to get agreements in writing, and, if necessary, have the law to back you up.  Spending $3K on plane tickets is waaaaay too much for one woman to get snippy and call the whole thing off on the slightest whim.  I can completely understand wanting to have someone the child knows escorting her from Miami to Alaska.  However, it's NOT okay for her to call the whole thing off on a whim with no legal recourse. Your hubby needs to stand up for his rights, because they sound entirely reasonable.  But if he thinks that appeasing her now is going to lead to her being more amiable in the future...he's dead wrong.  Human nature doesn't work like that.  People enjoy being in control.  Many enjoy the power of seeing others suffer simply because they have the power to do so.  And I'm sure there's a bit of jealousy on her part that you two are having a child together.  Even if the emotions aren't there, some people love the thought that "yeah, you may be his wife, but *I'm* the mother of his only child!"  Now that it's no longer the case, she's going to get what satisfaction she can from him.  Unless your hubby stands up for himself and his rights, she will be more than happy to step on his toes for as long as she can legally do so.  He should stop being naive and take steps to ensure these hissy fits don't happen again. Jennifer (Age 39) Married to Leo (Age 45) since 2002 Zoe Rose is here!  :)  DOB: August 16th, 2009  (Due date was August 20th). Assuming that SD did fib and tell a story about you being angry (the ex could have made that up or drawn it out of her, certainly possible) An adult reaction would not have been to fly off the handle but to call DH and find out what happened. Adults check the facts before going ballistic. Just a thought. Recent development: Hubby will TRY to keep things civil with her with no court, though he KNOWS exactly how skeptical I am about trusting this woman. We reached a compromise. We will write up our own agreement with her, if she has trouble following that THEN we will reconsider going to court. He DOES NOT WANT TO. He honestly thinks NOT going to court is what is best for his daughter. I don't understand, not after what her mother would say in front of her. Telling her one week you're gonna see you're daddy, then the next week he can't afford it. Then the next week, you're gonna be with an escort and see you're daddy, then after that, nope he'll fly down here or you won't see him! I agreed with his decision for now and thanked him for at least considering going to court and for agreeing to having a time-sharing agreement at least informally written up between them, just to see how well it works. We're going to see our counselor on Wednesday, I hope she'll perhaps tell him the benefits of having it be official. I just don't want my dear baby girl to have to be thrown into this mess once she arrives. Only seeing her sister when her sister's mom sees fit and gets her own way.  Alexandria (20) Active Duty Airwoman; wife to my dear Active Duty Airman *Mark (28)* mother to *Allana Jeanae* (8/20/09) stepmother to *Niah* (2/19/01) Girl, I totally feel you on this.  Do you ever wonder, would I act this crazy if I were her, or what made my DH attracted to this psycho in the first place?  Cause I do daily about my situation.  I will email you the story.   Also, I just make sure I have nothing to do with.  I monitor the situation, but he can do all the talking.  I have no desire to speak to her and I trust him, so I'm not worried.         what do ya think of dating a baby mama? What do ya think of dating a baby mama?  Free Daily Email 

Ten Words Trending Now

 

Alphabetical List

 
Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning!
 Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you.  Lil Wayne’s Baby Mama Drama: Lauren London AND Nivea Are Pregnant by Weezy Rihanna Had a Huge Meltdown Before the Grammys, and That’s Why She Canceled Her Performance? Watch “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Episode 3 Minnie From “Little Women Atlanta” Pregnant With Pastor Troy’s Baby Taylor Swift Responded to Kanye West in the Best Way Possible at the Grammys Watch Justin Bieber’s 2016 Grammys Performance (ft. Skrillex & Diplo): “Love Yourself” and “Where Are Ü Now” MORE POP CULTURE LIKE US ON FACEBOOK  So it looks like Lil Wayne has been running around town raw and getting industry chicks pregnant … and apparently he’s caught himself in what some would call a “love triangle.” According to several (confirmed) recent reports, actress Lauren London AND singer Nivea, who recently went through a divorce from singer/songwriter The Dream, whom she already has 3 kids with, are expecting babies from Weezy! Talk about drama! But anyway, both ladies are having boys and we hear both of them are about 5/6 months along. And you’ve probably already guessed it but Ms. London is in no way happy about this news. Peep what our boy FreddyO said. I was told Lauren London was at a loss for words today after finding out that her baby daddy was expecting another child.  Lauren who is almost 6 months pregnant  didn’t know anything about Nivea’s pregnancy, and found out via Mediatakeout.com (go figure) and was outraged.  Like every other star these days, she took to her Twitter page to express how she felt. But after speaking to a family friend left the topic alone. She then decided to spend the day with her family and close friends.  Lauren told her friends that she is worried if her career is over as a result of these issues.  As we all know Lauren is on the pinnacle of Black Hollywood as the face of Sean John and reoccurring role in the remake of Beverly Hills 90210 on the CW.   A reliable source stated that Wayne doesn’t want anything to do with Lauren. Today Nivea called  Ryan Cameron’s show and confirmed that she is indeed pregnant with a boy.  In fact, both of them are pregnant with Wayne’s sons.  This is a really bad situation, considering that she is knocked up and the baby daddy is in love with someone else.  Lauren London can have any man in the world but she chooses to get with an engaged man… Is the recession effecting men too!!!!   This makes Wayne about 4 babies up and 4 baby mamas down.  I guess it is true about Wayne … He can f*&^k any girl in this world. Check out Locked Up: Celebs Who Have Done Hard Time  by Gossip On This at Mode damn lauren man you can have any man you want you just had to fuck the diease man the junky yo baby boy gone come out ughly ass fuck and then how you gone get mad at the fact that he had got somebody else pregnant i mean think b4 you do stuff and how wayne gone have a house with all 3 of dem in 1 house if he dont want anything to do with london lol THIS SHIT IS TOO MUCH WEEZY GET IT TOGETHER DAMNNNNNNNNNNNN LONDON WRAP IT UP NEXT OR MAYBE IT WONT BE A NEXT TIME AND SINCE HE DONT WWANT NOTHING TO YOU LONDON I WOULDNT NAME THE BABY AFTER HIM …………….THAT GOES FOR ANYBODY ESPEACILLY THESE NIGGAS IF YOU DONT WANT A BABY MAMA CALLIN YO PHONE EVERY 5 MIN PUT ON A RUBBER A reliable source stated that Wayne doesn’t want anything to do with Lauren. This here is funny to me… U wanted to be bothered when u could get it.  I think you mad because she didn’t want to be apart of the entourage.  Nobody knew about her for real until she popped up.  I by no means think that Lauren is slow, but accidents do happen.  It just pisses me off that he would say that he don’t want to have anything to do with her, but you didn’t want her to get an  abortion. People are crazy…Like he said, he got the best HEAD on this earth.  Don’t he know that alone could get 2-6 babies? *{good luck on ur baby}* lil wyane is still my baby and he need to be with nivea lil wayne is ugly ass fuck looks like and with those tattos is fuck up why did lauren london wantto have sex with him knowing h could get any girl he wants MISS LAUREN I LOVE ATL G U MY GIRL BUT SORRY BOUT UR BABY DADDY  HE’S MY BOY BUT HE GOT U & NAVEA KNOCK  UP GIRL DO UR THIN AND TAKE CARE OF UR BABY I KNOW HE GOING TAKE CARE OF HIS BABIES AND HIS WOMEN hay i love lauren london no matta jus take care of u n yur new son be he mom n dad fuk wayne Aren’t all these people afraid of contracting sexually transmitted infections or worse HIV. Being a celebrity doesn’t make you immune to disease. Grow up u irresponsible idiots. Wyne, Nivea & Lauren. Its funny cuz nivea left her huzbaND 4 LIL wayne. and now he runnin around gettin other girls pregnant. shit lol! dem hoes better get tested for hiv..the nivea is a hoe, he divorced the dream 4 him…damn! lil wayne finna have 3 kids now…and soon to be a step father of nivea’s 3 kids.. i lov weezy but he juss aint thinkin strait ya no but foshiiz he shoold go wit nivea fuk lauren and use rubbr next time. if anii one has myspace request meh k.. name is Anasofia holla bby!!foshiiz o ya im lovin lil wayne and he can fk me aniitime baby:) Lauren is my girl, lets start off with that! But i feel really bad for Lauren. Thats fucked up how Wayne dont want anything to do with her! I hope she finds a guy who will help her raise that child! Let’s all PRAY that Lauren’s baby looks like her and NOT wayne! love you lauren!! Lauren u is my girl, so jus keep yo head up…thats fuked up how lil wayne dnt wont nothin to do wit u or your baby…well girl let me tell u once u have that baby go put his ass on child support n maybe he will step up than..I am so sorry that all of this is happenin to u n not any one else, but he should at least wants to help u wit yo baby instead of bein step daddy how crazy… he really needs to sit his ass down some where that dont make no snice.He wont have no money after taken care of them kids they should take his ass to child support. OH EM GEE!! lauren london is like hella pretty n she culd get whid any dude n yet she chooses wayne! no offence wayne loversz buh eww! hes ugly gurl u culd get way better.and nivea?! wdf dat trick sum kinda hoe or sumfin sleepin round wid lil wayne the dream t-pain dayum that gurl tryna sleep her way to the top! nivea you on your fourth baby slow down please. First wifey got common sense to move on with her life and i give her big props yo you toya keep doing ur thang and stay strong and hope you find you a good man and spiritual man. lauren you in line with any amercsn woman who baby daddy aint about shit keep ur head up and stay strong and let this be a lesson learned The best of luck to lauren,  and nivea. No matter  the out come, just be great mothers. Watch out Lil Wayne are you sure you’re not Nivea’s rebound nigga??? Lil Wayne u my nigga but u Fuqd up 4 dat. n sexci ass lauren london if i wuz u i would get dat nigga 4 everythang S@^@G3 OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! man ii still luv wayne fuck iit shiit happens?….. IT is fucked up how wayne is fuckin any girl he wants and not givin a damn and already got a daughter. I wont be amazed if she grows up to be a whore. The enviroment that she live in with her dad is fucked up this is ridiculous. but i love lauren london and her sexy ass WTF YU STUPID ASZZ HELL DUM BYTCH Y DHA FUHQK YU HAD TO FUCK AND GET PREGANT BY A NIKKA WHU GOT A SNG OUT FUCK EVERY GIRL IN THE WORLD YU TO PRETTY FAH DAT SHT NO HOM I THOT YU WAS BETTER THEN OTHER BT I GUESS NOT DATS FUCKD UP DAAAAMMMM GURL!!! AND LIL WAYNE DNT WANT SHT TO DU WIT YU HE JUST FUCK AND TOKE YO SHT!!! YAL DNT MAKE NO GOOD COUPLE ANYWAY BT HE BADD ASZZZ HELL GET YO SHT TOGETHER Come on laruen wayne iz fuck up y in da hell did u fuck him see now u got 2 dael wit babys&baby mama drama GOOD LUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im nt gay but u 2 cute 4 him if u was going 2 fuck wit him y nt a CONDOM{RUBBER}!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dang all of this is so crazi but to both baby momas keep yall head up and never go bac always push forward lil wayne is GROSS, he literally fucks “every girl in the world” lauren is too pretty, she was too stupid too obviously ALL YAHH BITCH ASS NIGGAS N33D T0 CALM TH3 FUCK D0WN YAHH JUST3D HATIN CUZ LIL WAYNE IS B3TT3R TH3N YAHH STUPIID BITCHES AND H3 G0T TH3 GIRL 0F YAHHH DR3AMS S0…… :P Dis shit izz crazy he got both pregant bt lauren had her baby on 9-9-09 and nivea izz excepting her baby and time now and lauren named the baby lennox samuel ari carter dat izz a weird name bt ohh well she had the baby and he izz cute Damn i luhv LIl wayne he can b mi baby daddy lol bt heyy shit happens these days man , Lauren Londen && Toya is (( clearly )) shittin on Nivea && Lil Wayne is a str8 dog , onmymama* hey yall are  a good couple. well i think that lil wayne should of told  larune london that he didnt want to be with her before  he knocked her up …..  and  i dont know about nevia because havent seen her around but  i guess … she back with him but  larune  should of knew that before …. she  had know  she pragenet  well life gose on  next time use condoms ….. lil wayne WHY DONT ALL OF YALL MIND YALL FUCKIN BUSINESS BECAUSE NONE OF YALL ARE IN THESE RELATIONSHIPS OR KNOW WHAT’S ACTUALLY GOING ON BETWEEN THESE PEOPLE. ONE THING THAT CAN BE NOTICED IS LIL WAYNE HAS ALWAYS TAKEN CARE OF AND SUPPORTED HIS DAUGHTER AND HAS PROVEN TO BE A GOOD FATHER. YEA IT IS CRAZY THAT HE KNOCKED 3 WOMEN UP WITHIN A YEAR, HOWEVER SOME OF YALL HAVE FUCKED WAY MORE THAN 3 PEOPLE AND PROBABLY RAW SO WHY DONT YALL ALSO GET A FUCKIN AIDS TEST. JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE IS PRETTY DOES NOT MEAN THEY WILL BE TREATED RIGHT!! SOME OF YOU SOUND SO IGNORANT. THEN FOR SOMEONE TO SAY REGINAE MIGHT GROW TO BE A HOE BECAUSE OF HER DADDY?? LAST TIME I CHECKED SHE HAS TWO SUPPORTIVE PARENTS AND YOU ARE VERY DISRESPECTFUL TO MAKE SUCH AN IGNORANT COMMENT ABOUT SOMEONE’S CHILD. GROW UP!! well who’s really seen nieva on the seen , cuz i havent , nd as for Lauren smh he did clearly state I JUSS WANNA FUCK EVERYGIRL IN THE WORLD so no matter how pretty you are you look hella dum. . . like a wayne statistic nd thts somethinq to shake ya head about . I have heard tht Lil Wayne is a good daddy tho so no matta how mny kidss he has its only a problem if u dont take care of them. Dudes in the hood have 5-6 kids by 5-6 differnt baby mamas withen 2-2.5 years nd its nothing because their not in the spotlight!!!! Either way you look at it Laurn finna get PAYED. Also how culd u say tht Waynes Lil Gurl is at risk of turning into a hoe. umm how explain , that makes no sence at all . what an ignorent statement . I wish all of them the best of luck tho MAN I THINK ALL YOU P=EOPLE ON HERE COMMENTIN ON DIS NEED TO MIND DEY ON BUSINESS AND FOCUS ON DERS AND STOP WORRIN ABOUT MII MAN N WHO BABAY HE HAVIN BECAUSE OVIOUSLY YOU FEMALES WONNA HAVE HIS BABY TOO. yALL JUST KNO YALL HATERS…jUST ANSWER DIS ONE QUESTION HOW YOU GNE HATE ON DA BEST RAPPER ALIVE!!! N I DEFINETLY DNT THINK DAT LAUREN BABAY IS HIS….BUT I KNO FOR A FACT DAT NIVEA  BABY IS DOE….bUT YALL NEED TO GET OFF MII HUSBAND JOCK HE COULD F!*^K eVRY GIRL IN DA WORLD…AHHA first of all wheezy be lookin like a swewa rat. dunno who would even wanna fuk wit dat.  i dunno nuttin bout these gurls but they obviously dont respect themselves lettin this fool run around playin’em out.  u aint gonna have ur man gettin multipul gurls knocked up if u take pride in yaself and let his ass kno the deal.  and anotha thing just because all these peoples is paid they think that HIV shit cant touch dem? that shit is out there and they all goin raw as hell. nasty UHM…FiRST OFF YA.LL iS A TRIP. WAYNE DOiN HiM AN DATZ ALL iT iS TO iT. iAiNT DA BiGGEST WAYNE FAN BUT iMEAN HELL iF HE MAKiN BABYS OUT THUR DATZ HiS BUSiNESS. iMEAN HE CAN AFFORD EM. AS FOR NiVEA..iDK WAT TO SAY..HAVENT HEARD FROM HER iN A MiN SO iDUNNO &TRULY CUD CARE LESS. NOW LAUREN..YA.LL NEED TO GET OFF HA..iT TAKES TWO! REMEMBA DAT! MAYBE iT WAS A DUMB CHOiCE TO YA.LL…BUT HELL iT HAPPENS. iTZ LiFE. iM SURE SHE DiDNT PLAN ON GETTiN PRGNANT..WHO DOES??! AND DA PERSON WHO SAid HiS DAUGHTER MiTE BE A HOE..YU OUTTA LiNE FA DAT. CLEARLY. iM 17 AN EVEN iKNOW DAT WAS AN iGNORANT COMMENT TO PUT. TRULY YA.LL SHUD GET A LiFE AN MiND YA.LL OWN. &iTZ JUS THAT REAL OF COURSE. ewwwwwwww out of a;ll duh ppl weezy lauren coulve did helle betta lol @FORREAL: BITCH U NEED 2 MIND YO FUCKIN  BISSNESS AND STOP TALKIN SHIT SRAIT LIKE THAT FUCK LIL WAYNE , FUCK NIVEA, LOVE LAUREN. SHE’S TO CLASSY FOR THAT BS. GET THAT NIGGA MONEY THOUGH.LOL………. AND NIVEA BETTER GET REGULAR STD CHECKING CUZ THAT NIGGA IS NOT GOING TO BE FAITHFULL NOT ONE BIT. WITH HER FAT SLOPPY ASS. lil wayne ain’t shit period if u ask me!!!!!! now he don’t want to be bothered with lauren london now that she is pregnant cause he is engaged he must dont love nivea that much if him and lauren was getting it in…… Lauren u will be fine keep your head and put wayne nasty dick ass on child support……….. It is really sad that our men can’t stick with just one woman.  Most unfortunate when money is involved it seems to go to our heads and our egos. Signed, Jacquelyn Lil Wayne may not be the most attractive man in the world, or the most responsible when it comes to practicing safe sex, but I don’t agree that we should dog the man out and basically throw dirt on his name as a unfit father is a bit much. Two adult women agreed to have unprotected sex with him, that led to them getting pregnant. Lil Wayne actually happens to take good care of his kids and the mothers have no complaints. In addtion, if the comment is true that he did state that he did not want to have anything to do with Lauren London, i see nothing wrong with it, he did not state that he did not want to know or have relationship with his son; he stated he did not want one with lauren. shit  happens, now everyone has to accept the consequences and move on. man lauren london is waynes second prettiest babymama.. n he is in love wiff nieva ugly a**.. sorry wezzy.. yur mha biggest fan buth dhat jus turned mii offth dhat yuh goth 4baby mamamz…. dhat meanz yuh dnt kn how twe control yur slef… lauren london is jus needs twe relize dhat wezzy aint gnna change… evn doe the source says dhat he is a good father(TRUE)… buth anywayz wezzy trap on next time LIL WAYNE I LOVE YA I DONT THANK IT WRONG LONGS YOU TAKE KARE YOUR BABIES BT LARUEN LONDON THATS MAH GURL>>>>>> NIVIEA SHE ALRITE BT SHE OLD SHE AIN TIN STYLE NO MOE 1st, Ewwwwww! Slept w/ Weezy, Gross! 2nd, had a kid by him again Ewwwwww! Whts wrong w/ all of Weezy Baby Mama.I mean he aint cute or sexy.They probably slept w/ him for $! Gotta! No Protection, I bet Lauren & tha rest got a STD or somethin bein w/ him. I dont get these grls layin n bed w/ a rapper & not protectin their selfs when they kno their not tha 1st. Actually, I really  feel bad fo Weezy, I kno tht sounded stupid but I dont feel bad w/ Lauren & all of em cause they knew wht they were placin their selfs nto, & now they have 2 deal w/ it foeva. Sorry, but my opinion, I dont think tht no man would want a Weezy Baby Mama. I mean, some1 who doesnt care bout their selfs & slept w/ a man tht has four children. Lauren had 2 kno tht he was cheatin on her w/ Nieva & now she wants us 2 feel sorry fo her not me. Wht she needs 2 do is get back 2gether w/ her babydaddy so tht they can do tha rite thing fo their child. Weezy, Im prayin fo u bro. wtf yhu ladys gt goin on both of yhu cn do betta Smfh well ALL of waynes baby mamas pretty idk how he gets em -_- Lil wayne ugly as shit!! She should want nothing to do with him!! LMFAO…wtf… the money must have this nigga thinkin he’s Denzel haha… u too ugly!! I can’t wait till his daughter grows up and guys are tryna do things with her.. or tellin her she not cute cuz she aint light skinned! SMH! This is all the garbbage her daddy promotes. He’s gonna be one big hypocrite..as if it’s okay for niggas to treat women like crap so long as they aren’t ur daughter! HA! I can’t wait to see how she turns out. Hes a pig and all he does lately is sing on auto-tune..he was better before he got too big headed. Dahts Right Weezayy I Love MY Baby Mamas They Get His Hired Honor…… We could be friends, but you playing. Go on ahead and hit that “Like” button!   Ignite Your Faith ChristianityToday.org Christianity Today magazine Voices Related Sites Directories Women Baby Mama Drama read these next Search for a Christian College Christianity Today Leadership Journal Christian Bible Studies Today's Christian Woman Advanced Search Antonin Scalia: Devout Christian, Worldly Judge Thinking About Expository Preaching—Part 2 Dispatch from Berlinale—‘Zero Days’ The Subtle Sin of Ergocentricity Let Them Lean In: The Power a Subtle Gospel Lead Like Your Introversion Is a Strength Racism: How Should Christians Respond? Top 10 Bible Studies 2015 Bible Study Basics: Galatians What Every Leader Can Learn from Pope John Paul II When Believers Break Up How to Effectively Witness How Can I Be Sure I'm Saved? Is Heaven Here or There? I was looking for proof that God hears our prayers when I came across a young woman with a very powerful story. What's your prayer story? I'd been married for a long time, but wasn't able to have any children—that's a big deal where I come from. To make matters worse, my husband's other wife, Peninnah, had a whole truckload of kids. His other wife? Yes. That's another common cultural thing where I come from. My lack of kids didn't bother me too much at first, because I was my hubby's favorite wife. But things got really tough when Peninnah turned out to be a human vending machine for sons and daughters. Because there weren't enough bathrooms in the house? No—although that's true, now that you mention it. The real problem was that Peninnah was so mean about the whole thing. She would tease me mercilessly about my inability to have children. If your husband loved you most, why didn't he do anything to help? He tried to, I guess. He used to give me twice as much dinner as he gave the other wife and her kids—that made me feel a little better. But he didn't really understand. He would say, "Why are you so sad? You've got me, and that's better than having 10 kids!" He sounds like quite a catch. So is that when you started praying? Yes. Peninnah was laying it on especially thick one day, and I just couldn't take it any more. So I ran out of the house, toward the temple, and started praying as hard as I could. I even made a promise to God. I told him that if I could just have a son, I would dedicate him to serving in the temple his whole life. Sounds like you were serious. Yep. My prayer even attracted the attention of the High Priest, Eli. Did he come over to congratulate you for your faith? Um … not exactly. Actually, he told me to stop drinking so much wine. I guess he thought I was drunk by the way I was praying. But I wasn't. Are you sure you weren't a little tipsy? Maybe your husband gave you a double portion of "drinky drinky" along with dinner? No, he did not! My face was red and puffy from crying, that's all. And I was praying silently, so he saw my lips moving and thought I'd gone nutty and was talking to myself. But once I explained everything, he understood. And then he blessed my prayer. So don't go spreading any rumors about me in that little article of yours. Then what happened? God gave me a wonderful son not even a year later. I named him Samuel and kept my promise. I dedicated my boy to the Lord and he eventually became the next High Priest after Eli passed away. Samuel—I like that name! What made you choose it? I wanted to always remember how God answered my prayer, and Samuel is pretty similar to the Hebrew phrase that means "I asked God for him." So I just connected the dots. I'm glad you did; my name is Samuel, too! Oh, yeah? I guess we can both be thankful that God answers our passionate prayers—even if others think we're a little out of control. Want to learn more about this mystery character? Check out 1 Samuel 1:1-2:11. And for more insights into the power of persistent prayer, see Luke 18:1-8. Copyright © 2008 by the author or Christianity Today/Ignite Your Faith magazine.Click here for reprint information on Ignite Your Faith. A faithful man lives out his faith on the bench with restraint. Expository preaching is the best, but not a biblically mandated, preaching approach A compelling and essential documentary about worms, terrorism, cyber warfare, and Stuxnet. Surely the needs of my ministry trump yours ...  We've become very noisy and personality-driven in our presentation of the gospel. Sometimes whispering is better than yelling. Because it is! Our faith must inform the way we think and act about this ongoing issue. Shop our most popular Bible studies of 2015! Get back to basics with the truth of the gospel. The first step to extraordinary leadership
							
							 3 truths to hold on to 
							
							 6 principles for personal evangelism
							
							 © 2016 Christianity Today About Our Ministry | 
						Blog | 
						Donate | 
						Careers | 
						Terms of Use | 
						Privacy Policy | 
						Advertise | 
						Ad Choices   Urlacher Pushes Back Against Baby Mama's Accusations Linebacker and ex-girlfriend continue to fight. Their son loses.  By                                                                                       John Ness    NEWSLETTERS  Receive the latest sports  updates in your inbox 
 WATCH LIVE Watch Live: NBC 5 News Share Chicago star linebacker Brian Urlacher, no great fan of the media, gave an interview to the Chicago Tribune to clear up some of the accusations his former girlfriend made this week. Urlacher and Tyna Robertson have a three-year old son, Kennedy, together. But the two are far from friendly. In the past 48 hours, we've learned: 
Urlacher dresses his son in Cinderella diapers and paints his toenails Bears blue. Robertson told an Illinois court she was worried these acts were "confusing [Kennedy], if he's a boy or a girl." 
God gave Urlacher a career-damaging bad back to punish him for being a bad father. At least, that's Robertson's logic, according to a text message Urlacher shared with the Tribune. 
 Urlacher isn't blameless in keeping this story alive. He's alleged to have sent extremely hostile text messages of his own, accusing Robertson of turning their son into, yes, a gender-confused child. There's a sad pattern here. Urlacher dismissed the suggestion that he's confused his three-year old (!) son: "She says to me, 'If he turns out to be gay, it's your fault,' " Urlacher said. "I told her, 'I don't care if he's gay. I'll love him either way.' " It's a nice sentiment, but a more meaningful statement would be to stop feeding the beast. If Urlacher did receive those text messages about his back, he should know that showing them to the media doesn't help his son any. Young Kennedy probably doesn't know how to use Google yet, but when he does, he'll learn that all these statements will remain attached to his name long after his parents' custody battle is over.  Advertisements  Kelis & Nas's Baby Mama Drama Subscribe for ONLY $1 an Issue Search form Subscribe to Latina! Subscribe to our newsletter Featured Video What's Free 
			From Our Partners 
			ENTERTAINMENT 
			BEAUTY 
			FASHION 
			FOOD 
			LIFESTYLE 
			CELEBRITIES That's $10 for an entire year! Kelis and Nas have managed to go a few months without news about their divorce hitting the tabloids, but the peaceful facade has finally cracked as news of court-ordered support payments, attempted reconciliation and pending custody battles hit today.
 
The couple is in court right now, battling out their divorce case. First up was Nas, 36, being court ordered to increase his monthly support payments from $40,000 to $51,000. But it wasn't all bad news for Nas: The judge also ruled that he no longer has to pay $13,000 a month for the former couple's Los Angeles home.
 
Kelis, 30, admitted during her testimony that the couple attempted to reconcile in September of this year, but unfortunately, it didn't work out. Nas took the stand after the "Milkshake" singer and testified that he wants overnights with his son. Kelis has sole custody for now, but Nas wants more quality time with his baby Knight, born to the rapper and boricua pop star on July 22, 2009.
 
Kelis and Nas were married in 2005 and broke up in April of this year.
 
 
 Mariela Rosario,  I'm a raging opinionista and I love to share my ramblings on everything from pop culture to food to stuff that makes me laugh & cry! I've worked in all types of media (TV, film, print) and was previously the online editor at Latina magazine before joining Mamás Latinas. On most nights you can find me working my way through my library of cookbooks or playing with my puppy Lola (my only child so far). I have a wonderful hubby who shares my passion for any and all kinds of travel. Together, we've formed a semi-professional wine drinking team. View the discussion thread. COPYRIGHT © 2014 LATINA MEDIA VENTURES LLC  |  SITEMAP  |  ABOUT US  |  ADVERTISE WITH US  |  PRIVACY POLICY  |  RECEIVE LATINA.COM UPDATES!  |  CONTACT US Latina Media Ventures, LLC is a participant in the Amazon Service LLC Associate Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, and is also a Linkshare, ShareaSale, and CJ affiliate. Our decisions to feature and recommend products is guided by our editorial decisions.  
Uncategorized  
					Baby MAMA Drama!				 Baby MAMA Drama! Recent Posts Newsletter Alberto Hertz says: Olen Konczewski says: Rolf Chant says: mercedes philadelphia says: Recently I was talking with a friend of mine who is a well known athlete.  He was looking rather angry when I saw him, so I asked what was going on.  He told me he was angry because he is paying his baby’s mama $30,000 a month, and she won’t let him see his son.  I just couldn’t believe it.  This child support thing is getting out of hand.  Now before I get on my soap box and start preaching about the injustices of the family court system, let me just stop right there.  That is not what this blog is about.  See, my friend said to me, “Don, if she comes up missing, I didn’t do it!”  So men, how do we deal with BMD!  First we must start with Prayer.  1 John 1:9 says if we confess our sins, God is faithful to forgive us and cleanse us.  See we must realize that the only reason we have BMD, is because of our sin.  Then after we confess we need to pray for the childs mother.  One of the hardest things to admit is that as evil as she may be, Jesus died for her too. After prayer, we need lots of patience.  It is our nature as men to retaliate when we are attacked.  James 1:19 says, Be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry.  Why, verse 20 says, because mans anger does not bring about a righteous life.  When we are angry, nothing good can come from it.  Next it will take perseverance.  Most baby mama’s are using the child as a pawn to get back at the fathers for the pain that they themselves feel.  Romans 12 gives a lot of instruction in this area of how to persevere.  Specifically verse 18, if it is possible, as much as depends on you, live peaceabley with all people. Many men find that there is truth to the statement, hell has no furry like a womans scorn, that is why if we are dealing with BMD, we need to also try to stay positive.  Nothing good can come of bad mouthing your ex in front of or to your child.  Our words come directly from our thought life.  Philippians 4:8 tells us to think about only what is true, noble, right, pure, lovely, admirable and praise worthy.  Thinking of ways to tear down your ex is a complete waiste of time. Finally, it takes persistence when dealing with baby mama drama.  Why?  Because it is easy to throw up our hands and say I’ve had it.  If we do this, our children will end up suffering the most.  Exodus 20:5 says the sins of the father are passed to the third and the fourth generation.  But verse 6 says, the blessings of the father is to a thousand generations. In the end the main verse of scripture that comes to mind, is the same one I offered my friend going through this difficult situation;  Galatians 6:9 Do not grow weary in well doing, because you will reap a harvest if you do not give up. I like this post, enjoyed this one thanks  for posting .
 I like this post, enjoyed this one thanks  for posting . I am not really wonderful with English but I line up this really easygoing to read.
 I am not really wonderful with English but I line up this really easygoing to read. Some really   choice   content  on this  web site ,  saved to favorites .
 Some really   choice   content  on this  web site ,  saved to favorites . I’ve learn a few excellent stuff here. Certainly value bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how so much effort you put to make the sort of great informative web site.
 I’ve learn a few excellent stuff here. Certainly value bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how so much effort you put to make the sort of great informative web site. Comments are closed. 
Email address: 

 

  *Bossip Exclusive*: Tank’s Baby MaMa says She was NOT a ONE NIGHT STAND, Tank was Soaking Up Her Panties for a While!!! Comments Get the Bossip newsletter Trending Find us on YouTube Trending On Social Search Keywords:
					
 Celebrities Topics Celebrities News Exclusives Videos Photos Info Topic Results We Broke It Here First!
Dirty Dog Diaries
Jesus Take The Wheel
New Couple???
Put on Blast
Race Matters
 2015 Bossip Awards: Couples Who Won’t Be Around Next Year [Video] 2015 Bossip Awards: STFU Category… Featuring Raven Symone, Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Meek Mill And More! 2015 Bossip Awards: Who Wins The Dirty Dog Of The Year Honors? [Video] Alano Miller & Renwick Scott Explain Color Issues In The South And Talk Characters On “Underground” [Video] Exclusive Beef Explained: Jennifer Williams Breaks Down The Problem With Claudia Jordan On “Next 15” (Don’t Be Scared) [Video] #LHHATL Exclusive: Erica Dixon Talks Restraining Order Against No-Child Support Paying Little Scrappy [Video] End Of Days: Creepy Preacher Talks New Money, Little Girl Receiving His Gifts, And Sings “How Dumb Thou Are!” [Video] Pastor Manning On Black Lives Matter Suicide “It Is A Demon Inspired Org” [Video] Brotherman’s Girlfriend Is Angry He Spent $5000 On Suicide Doors For The Cadillac [Video] Jason Derulo Drops Music Video Starring K. Michelle “Naked” [Video] VV Brown Drops Whiteface Music Video “Sacrifice” And Loses White Fans.. [Video] For Valentines Day: Meelah “Stupid In Love” [Video] Exclusive Shots Fired: Real Housewives Of Potomac’s Karen Throws Shade At Gizelle [Video] Exclusive: Stevie J Gives DBS The Real On Threesome With Mimi Faust & Joseline Hernandez [Video] DBS Exclusive: ‘Growing Up Hip Hop’ Cast Talk Peen Picks, Yo Gotti Sliding In Angela Simmons’ DM’s, And More [Video] If You Missed It Last Night… Here’s Why You Need To Watch The PBS Black Panther Party Documentary Film [Video] #LHHNY’s Amina Buddafly Talks Peter Gunz “I Never Took Him Back After Impregnating Tara” [Video] Wendy Williams’ Hot Topics Grammy Recap: Says Rihanna Pulled Out Because She’s Scared Of Beyonce! [Video]  Alysse Stewart, Tank’s other baby mama, is not feeling how Tank is really trying to throw her under the bus on Twitter like she is some groupie. She made it clear to us what the situation was between her and Tank:  (I’d like the chance to respond)  Durrell Babbs and I have a son together.  His name was changed in the last two months of my pregnancy by his father (it was always his option to name him as he saw fit).  Also around that time I learned that another woman was also carrying his child.  As opposed to communicating the truth, Mr. Babbs opted to remain silent. That  seems to be the way he handles situations that make him uncomfortable.  Or he simply chooses a lie over the truth.  As he has done in our situation.   He say’s our son was not a mistake, yet it sounds that way despite his clever, yet juvenile disclaimer.  Let it be known that our son was not a surprise to either of us.   In 2006 he asked me twice to consider having a child  with him.  Cleary, I eventually said yes.  It was the best discussion I ever made.  Durrell Babbs Jr. has brought so much joy into my life.  Sometimes I wonder how I was able to exist without him in the first place. Had it not been for the fact, that someone I called a friend betrayed my trust.  No one would have known the name of my child’s father (outside of our families and close friends).  Not saying it’s wrong for people to do press releases and things of that nature.   And the main reason I’m sharing these words now is because, I will not be made out to be some one night stand or someone that sought to trap a  man with pregnancy.  I have always and will continue to be a woman of independence.  If Mr. Babbs hates me as he has proclaimed (wonder if I make him sick too  – LOL )?  Flashback just now to when mom made me mad.  Anyway, If he feels as he does we didn’t have to connect again in an intimate manner after we learned of our child’s existence.  Just a thought. I don’t hate Durrell.  I just wish he were a man that kept promises.  I would like for my child to have “A Real Father” – his words.  One that couldn’t fall asleep on any given night, not knowing if his child were OK and his needs were being met.  It is my preference that they not be strangers.  He say’s he loves my son.  I want him to prove it.  A monetary commitment does not a father make.   Angry was not the way to handle his lack of communication.  However, after utilizing all normal forms  of communication, I made a bad decision. Who knew this man, would go the route he did.  Perhaps, some good can come out of it in the end.  To Durrell Sr., I apologize for making you feel like you had to go into attack mode.  However, at the same time, I will not tolerate lies being placed on my head and around the life of my child.  As I have always stated before the door is wide open for you to be the father you said you would like to be to our son.  Our immature burst on the net doesn’t change that.  Granted I’m very disappointed  right now and probably won’t believe a word you say for a while.  But that’s how trust works … you have to earn it.   I am a great mother and you should know your son is reaping the benefits of that fact.  You promised he would know his family, cousins and all ‘em.  Let’s start with you again.  On my age and this cougar business, you never had a problem with it before.  Besides, 40 is all up side your window looking in right now.  So enjoy your “youth.”  LOL.  For those that seek to judge me, my child’s father and act as if you have all the answers.  Know that you don’t.  Otherwise you wouldn’t have made mistakes, cried or experienced happiness as you have over the years.  It’s called life.  This is my life and have no regrets. Damn, Tank… It sounds like you really need to get your sh*zzz together. Tank will be responding via Twitter in 5… 4… 3… 2… 1 she sounds smart and like she has her stuff together- it’s tough raising children and even tougher when it’s only one parent. Tank should handle his business and not let this type of stuff end up on twitter and the blogs for all of us to comment on…man- wear a rubber if you don’t want to take of care of your kids…come on- the rubbers they have out now, it’s like it’s a second skin… this is quite immature and unnecessary on the part of both of them. It’s ok to move forward and look for a man who can be a better figure in her son’s life if that is what this is really about. ohh 3rd to comment! These people need to grow up and stop using Twitter as a sounding board to their person problems (Tank). Take care of your business in the privacy of your life. This is ridiculous! I tip my hate to Alysse Stewart for being the adult in this whole mess, and focusing on taking care of her child. Men! correction: “I tip my HAT to Alysee Stewart…” I think they are both being very childish. I however love the fact that she writes (speaks) proper English. She is just trying to get some kind of shine b/c Tank called her out via twitter.  I have heard she is crazy and just trying to make herself look good on the net.  I think it’s so funny how he gave his other baby mama @zenafoster her credit if you go to his twitter page @therealtank It’s obvious she is his favorite & they are truly friends & adults in raising their daughter Zoey together.  Maybe Alysse should reach out to Zena & ask her how to handle her situation better b/c she seems to be the Lauren London in this case & Alysse is just the Nivea. i have to disagree. she doesn’t sound ignorant, she sounds resilient but she could work on punctuation. She COOL wit me … i dont have a PROBLEM wit her NO MORE …… I said wha i said but  When a Muhfka is RIGHT ….. THEY RIGHT!!!!!  Why are you NeGGLET’s always goin in a how she LOOK …. I made tha mistake ….. Cuz TRUST … Tank or HER would F’CK NONE of you GOOFiES …  So NOW who the REAL ugly Muhf’kaz ….. RIGHT Jus make a comment  ON THE SUBJECT and go about your saturday ….. SH’t go spend some time wit YOUR KIDS …. stop worrying about OTHER muhf’ckaz tha you will never BE we don’t know her… so we really don’t care about this crap….trust me “tank’s babymama”, You ARE NOT the only woman going through this…stop whining and making your business public. Noboby would have known this until you made it public…..stop crying out for attention and raise your son as a strong woman… If he didn’t do right by you, pray about it, ask God to work it out and you continue to be your son’s support and Love. She’s sometype of DJ and has a website on Sandra’s post on her and tank whatevea sandrarose.com/2008/01/22/tanks-other-baby-mama/ Uhhh Ohhhhh … i see im not gonna be the bad guy of this THREAD …….. but dont worry …
 I will sprinkle a insult and JOKE in here somewhere …….. LoL Not to start nothing ….. BUT  Notice how i said BUT……. LoL I was waiting for you to say GOD in there some where ….. cuz when you at a altar and a priest is preasent .. your professin your love BEFORE GOD ….. and others are in attendance … but he makes his promise before GOD ………..  Besides that …. you can let me hit it til he marry you …… A favor for a FAVOR baby …LoL tamk is a terrible person and a liar i feel sorry he tells zena he gon marry her and lies thats why he lives wit a girl and not a woman  tank you are a damn OLD male cougar i know him and he a BIG LIAR and a cheat he was with that dj and begged to have his baby –he cheated on his first wife with ZENA and told her he was seperated –he still gets with zena even tho he has a live in girl friend beccause he know that zena in love and guess what he calls her names behind closed doors–he aslo got another woman preg but she got rid of it  he is a screw up and a lie  Is it man or his baby mama drama This patient support community is for discussions relating to relationships, abstinence, arousal problems, birth control, cohabitation, commitment, communication, couples counseling, desire, sexual technique, and sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). MedHelp Advertise with us Develop Join Us About Use of Terms of Use Privacy En Español Support Report Abuse Contact Us Help Mobile My Cycles I'm Expecting My Diet Diary Sugar Sense Pic Healthy
  Ask Lynn-I’m not sure where I stand  Akon's Baby Mama Wants Money Right Now Na Na Akon's Baby Mama Wants Money Right Now Na Na SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          7/13/2009 4:51 PM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  Real-life Baby Mama Amy Poehler Talks About New Son, New Show The Latest Just for You From Our Partners From Our Partners Subscribe Advertise With Us Learn More Connect Parents Behind Drug Plot Against PTA President Guilty of 'Character Assassination,' Prosecutor Says Mother Charged with Murdering Son Whose Remains Were Found in Car 10 Years After He Was Last Seen VIDEO: Could Lori Loughlin Handle PEOPLE's Super Tough Full House Quiz? Read the Cover Story: Jennifer Garner: Life on Her Own 
 NYPD Blue Creator David Milch Lost $100 Million Fortune to Gambling Addiction: Report MC Hammer Explains How He Got His Name (Hint: It Involves a Legend!) Beyond Gwen & Blake: 7 Stars Who Inspired Love Songs Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck's Family Unit of Five: 'They Share in the Joy of Their Children' Watch SNL's Aidy Bryant Teach a Master Cooking Class Using Only Easy-Bake Ovens Meet the 10-Year-Old Fashion Designer Who Debuted Her Clothes for All Sizes at NYFW After Being Bullied For Her Weight Army Couple Shares First Kiss as Newlyweds: 'It's Not a Big Deal to Be Gay in the Military Anymore' Is Pippa Middleton Using the 'Supermodel's Secret Weapon?' Ryan Reynolds: Sexiest Dad Alive! 
Mother Charged with Murdering Son Whose Remains Were Found in Car 10 Years After He Was Last Seen
 
NYPD Blue Creator David Milch Lost $100 Million Fortune to Gambling Addiction: Report
 
MC Hammer Explains How He Got His Name (Hint: It Involves a Legend!)
 
Beyond Gwen & Blake: 7 Stars Who Inspired Love Songs
 
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck's Family Unit of Five: 'They Share in the Joy of Their Children'
 
VIDEO: Could Lori Loughlin Handle PEOPLE's Super Tough Full House Quiz?
 
Introducing the New Way to Wash Your Face
 
Lily & Gigi, Plus Tracy Morgan, Gwen Stefani, George Clooney & More!
 
Kendall Jenner's Killer Catwalk Moments
 
Lily & Gigi, Plus Tracy Morgan, Gwen Stefani, George Clooney & More!
 
Blake Lively Brings the Spring to Michael Kors, Plus More Fashion Week Front Row Pics!
 
Celeb Babies Make Their Digital Debut
 
Sorry, Kanye! Kylie Jenner Confirmed to Collaborate with Puma on New Campaign
 
Kourtney Kardashian Works Out to Kanye West's New Album, Says Trainer 'Almost Made Me Throw Up'
 
The Bachelorette's Kaitlyn Bristowe: Shawn and I Are 'Pumped' to Start a Family
 Read It Read It Most Watched Watch It Read It Read It Read It Read It Read It Read It Read It Read It Read It 

 Get 4 Free Issues! By Lisa Ingrassia 
01/13/2009 AT 11:40 AM EST
 Share this story: Your reaction:  See all newsletters Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Chris Rock's Baby Mama Drama You may also like Recent from cityfile Why You Should Care About Apple’s Fight With the FBI Everything That Was Too Expensive to Include in Deadpool How Tennessee’s Head Trainer Took Control Of The Allegations Against Peyton Manning [Photo via Flickr] Duane Reade Now Has Sushi to Sell You Misdirected Mail, Volume II  It's been more than a decade since Chris Rock first made tabloid headlines when it was reported that he'd had a fling with Monika Zsibrita, a Hungarian model whom he met over Sunday brunch at the Four Seasons in LA. Unfortunately for Rock, the brief liaison has dogged him ever since. Zsibrita later accused him of raping her and suggested he was the father of her child; Rock, in turn, hired Anthony Pellicano to investigate Zsibrita and was forced to testify about his relationship with the disgraced private eye at his wiretapping trial last year. It doesn't appear Rock will be able to put the matter behind him anytime soon. Although no charges were ever filed against Rock—and paternity tests concluded he wasn't the father of her child—Zsibrita slapped Rock with a civil suit last August, claiming that Rock forced himself on her, had dispatched Pellicano to intimidate her, and then had damaged her reputation when he talked about the case on Howard Stern's radio show. (She also disputes the results of the paternity test.) The court documents were sealed when the suit was originally filed last year, but a judge lifted the seal late last week. We've obtained the court papers, and you can have a look at the raunchy allegations for yourself after the jump.  Sportress of Blogitude Dirk Nowitzki’s Alleged Baby Mama, Cristal Taylor, Sentenced To Five Years In The Pokey Boo This Man! Michael Beasley Going To Rehab For (Probably) Pot Photos This Can Only Mean One Thing: Creationism Textbooks For Everyone! Mark Cuban thinks NBA season should be extended 10 days Mark Cuban: Mavericks were ready to trade up for Kristaps Porzingis Mark Cuban weighs in on Deflategate ruling, says NFL is ‘freaking out’ Prev Post Next Post Twins hit another marketing home run with latest commercial (vid) Kris Bryant weighs in on his swim with sharks, engagement Cleveland Browns to honor Jim Brown with statue near stadium Ron Rivera: Wounded vets benefit ‘puts everything in perspective’ Mets closer Jeurys Familia recording his own entrance song Independent league baseball team to wear emoji jerseys (pic) Ron Rivera: Wounded vets benefit ‘puts everything in perspective’ Brock Osweiler hopes to remain part of ‘very special’ Broncos Panthers celebrate Jaromir Jagr’s 44th birthday with great cake (pic) Cleveland Browns to honor Jim Brown with statue near stadium  Gah!! Kill it! Kill it! Cristal Taylor, the former fiancée of Dirk Nowitzki, was sentenced earlier today in circuit court in St. Charles, Missouri to five years in prison for violating her probation. Cristal A. Taylor, 38, a St. Louis-area native, appeared this morning in circuit court in St. Charles. She admitted that she failed to check in with her probation officer and that she was arrested twice in Texas in 2000 for misdemeanors.
 The arrest brought to light her criminal record, including a St. Charles County case from 1997 in which Taylor was accused of forgery and stealing. She pleaded guilty in 1999 and was placed on probation. She also has an outstanding warrant for violating probation in a St. Louis County bad check case. Police have tied Taylor to a string of aliases. What I would like to know is what did Nowitzki ever see in her, other than she was an uglier man than he was, which is saying something. Sweet mamma jamma that is one homely woman. Nevertheless, I’m not giving up on these two star-crossed lovers making a go of it again someday. Taylor was given credit for one year probation and with time served, she could be out in less than four years. Dirk will more than likely be out of the NBA after Mark Cuban realizes two years too late that Nowitzki is washed up.  and will be looking for someone to help him open his David Hasselhoff museum. If you build it, they will come. NBA star’s ex-fiancee gets prison time [St. Louis Post-Dispatch]  Monday, August 31, 2009 Blog Archive Followers 
T-Pain's Baby Mama Wants More Money
 57 comments: Post a Comment 
The baby's mother NEEDS to go STRAIGHT to T-Pain's head and to the WHITE MEAT!!!!  If you makin' tens of thousands of dollars, HOW IN THE H are you gonna offer your child's mother a PALTRY $2,000 a MONTH and then want to increase with another MEASLY $500?  Don't get me wrong, I know that some single mothers outside of the entertainment business WISH that they could get $2,000 a month, but compared to what T-Pain is making a month AND the fact that she is ONE baby mother who hasn't tried to be all greedy with hers up in the media (the little boy is 2 and this is the FIRST I heard of him), T-Pain should afford this son the SAME entitlements as his other children (SCHOOL, LIFE INSURANCE, HEALTH INSURANCE, etc)
 
He paid way more than that for that "big ass chain" he bought I know that. If you don't want to take care of no kids, don't have no kids! and that includes that baby mama. If you don't want to take care of the bitch, don't impregnate the bitch!
 
I agree with both of you!!!He deserves whatever he gets since he had this child OUTSIDE his marriage. BTW, she's one of the chicks from that female rap show that had Khia on it. She's the one with the lisp, can't remember her name. Just curious to know...LADIES...last 2 men on earth were Wayne/TPain who'd you pick??
 
I SWEAR THIS IS NOT GOSSIP WHEN A CHILD IS INVOLVED.WOW AMERICA NO MORALES.WE ALL NOW T-PAIN IS T-DEVIL AS WELL.SO WHY,FIRST OF ALL WHY THEY(HIM AND WAYNE) GETTING THIS WOMEN PREGANT  WITH THAT ALIEN SPERM,DAM DEVILS.. BAPS
 
@2:34 I WOULD RATHER KILL MY SELF THEN TO ALLOW DEMON SEMEN IN MY BODY.... BAPS
 
The mother that are talking about is Ms. Cherry that was on the female rapper show a while back. Shick is a mess - and will flaunt ech penny of his  money on foolishness for her hoodrat freinds to see. She's going back each 2 years for her increase, bes' beleive.
 
2:05Who cares what the "Father" is making? As long as your Child is Feed, Clothed & Housed what difference does it make? She was never Married to the Man. The Child isn't a green light to go nuts and demand absurd amounts of Money. A Lot of people don't make 2,500.00 a month in a pay check. So, with Her working combined with that 2,500.00 a Month She can live a comfortable life. She needs to stop being greedy before He go get 50c Lawyer. She think She can sit on Her ass and spend spend spend...NOPE
 
I don't blame her. T-pain makes $15 million a year off of royalties/collbo's etc., I'd walk away from $2500 too! Shyt, I make $1400 a month and that shyt isn't enough for me, let alone me+kid. I rarely agree with the baby mama's that ask for ridiculous amounts of money, but in this case, I think T-Pain can afford to kick up like $5-$7k a month. Afterall, wasn't this nucca bragging about spending $140k on a "BIG ASS CHAIN"? Obviously, this nucca got dough to waste! I say, take his @ss to the cleaners!
 
I know her (Tha baby mama) personally. She is not like all tha other gold diggin females.She loves her son and is just tryin to make a better life for him.
 
T Pain all day 2:34. Pain got beautifully smooth skin and he's funny. Wayne look like at gatdamn gremlin
 
@2:50, Thank you for hating so hard, for the love.AND PLEASE STOP THIS GOING UNDER DIFFERENT ANNO.I WILL NOT BE MOVED.BOSSIP IS MORE YOUR PACE OR MEDIATAKEOUT.Anyway if t-pain can afford to buy a chain that says "BIG ASS CHAIN".Then he can pay up  BAPS WILL BE HERE FOREVER GET USED TO IT...
 
Good googly moogly that's a ridiculously unattractive specimen.
 
RnB thug..please dont have children obviously you dont know the day end and day out work it takes to watch over a child, and it shouldnt be free. Women are not slaves and if they both created a child together and his dumbass wife is able to accept a philanderer then his babymom should be compensated well... or TPAIN can try to get full custody to end payments simple as pie.NIGGAS want to fuck who they want and leave their kids with no dad and no money. to me his baby mom should be getting over 100k a year..
 
Fuggin' dead @ 2:50's nic and 3pm. Hell naw LMAO LMAO
 
Huh? First off you should never expect to be compensated for RAISING YOUR CHILD! Second as I mentioned, as long as you are living comfortably you shouldn't worry about money the Man that considered you a jump off is making. I'd bet dollars to donuts She aint making no money at all. Let's be realistic here today. Does a Child eat more than 2,500.00 worth of food a month? As I said, plenty of People don't make that in a month so I'm sure She can raise Her child on 30k Per Year (tax free) Bottom Line...She's a Gold Digging Crap Ass Groupie who is out for the $$$
 
thats what he gets - fucking adulterer!
 
T-Pain: "How about you send me a list of what he needs......" Cheap ass nigga. Break bread. Its your fuckn son for crying out loud! If moms is mishandling the loot, rest assure she will get whats coming to her in the end.
 
Everyone is only jumping down his throat, which makes no sense to me. Yes, his trifling azz is wrong, for cheating on his wife, but didnt he say they invite other women into their bedroom?Now whether they do or dont, this girl didnt fuck herself. She's just as nasty and tacky as he is, for sleeping with a married man.But, if some women do it just to say they did, to feel superior to the wife, then you damn well can bet that a woman will do it if the man has money.Now, I agree that $2000 is a good bit of money to live off of, but cosidering the cost of rent, food, insurance, clothes, and whatnot, it wouldnt be unfair for her to get between $3000 and $5000, especially since he said his kids with his wife have trust funds.He's probably pissed about the boy being born. But, he has no one to blame but himself. So, they're both trife, but its fair that she gets a little more.
 
whatever happened to condoms? do people still use those?? im jus sayin...
 
should've jagged off!!!!
 
They 'bout get all in his money now.  All these industry cats claim to have the game sewed up, but when that flashlight is shined on their life, it usually reveals anything but.  1 baby momma, 2 baby mommas outside of wedlock, financial troubles, other legals issues, etc..  I know one female T-Pain BETTER remain faithful to:  AUTOTUNE
 
I HAVE absolutely NO SYMPATHY for Rich-AZZ Ignorant MARRIED MEN who choose to have UNPROTECTED SEX outside of their marriage... Hell he's lucky that HIS WIFE is a Weak-n-Dumb BROAD because I KNOW some women that would KILL THEIR HUSBAND for that kind of OffenseTRILLLOL;-)
 
^^^^^^cosign fucking 5000000000%
 
I don't feel sorry for these dumbass married kneegrow's you play, you pay. don't get married if you want to whore around.@I know one female T-Pain BETTER remain faithful to: AUTOTUNE you ain't neva lied lmbao!!
 
RnB thug is an idiot...Trying to live off 30K is hard when you have a family to feed.  Her child should be afforded the same lifestyle his other children have.  If you don't want to the child, use protection.  Don't rely on someone else to use protection, wrap it up first
 
Im pretty sure that he give's her money and still buys that little boy the same shit he buys his other kids. She need to have her own job and stop thinking that just because she had his baby she should be living like she is his wife! Plus its been two yrs if she ain't said shit this whole time then it must be somebody in her ear talking shit. If you ask me she shoulda try'd to hit that fool up when he was hot cause ain't nobody Checkin to his ass now!! DOA remember!!
 
he broke the rules, because im sure she didnt rape him. you pay for you mistakes and he must pay for his.  im so tired of stars wanting to act like a regular joe when they get in trouble. but when things are going fine they want to be above the law. you did it now you must pay.
 
I agree TC.I don't have any children but I believe if daddy living a certain lifestyle...then his seed should live the same.Don't want kids don't have kids.Do what it takes..BIRTH CONTROL!I Hear that doesn't work all the time,so be selective or better yet go sit down somewhere.No self control
 
Just curious to know...LADIES...last 2 men on earth were Wayne/TPain who'd you pick??2:34 PM  Sheeeeit! Call me Lebanese 'cause 'taint no way in de HELL! LESBIANISM alllll the way baby.
 
2:44 Thud said...She needs to stop being greedy before He go get 50c Lawyer.Neither 50, nor his lawyer, have to do too much. He was GIVING her 25K per month, not including, lodging (free), and paying ALL the other amenities. She proved his case for him. Misusing funds appropriated for the child AND to this day crying broke! WTF?!
 
Wish BAPS Would Move on to Bossip said... In honor of my girl dropping her first sutdio album in 7 years...HELL TO DA NAWWWW.I don't believe you had the AuDAcity, the nerve, the gall, the cajones muy grande, yo te quiero taco bell...******************THUD********************She's down again. Hit her with 200 joules this time.(beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep)ahhhhh fuggedaboudit
 
Anon1 wrote "I don't believe you had the AuDAcity, the nerve, the gall, the cajones muy grande, yo te quiero taco bell..."@Anon1 you were always my favorite....I still can't get over 50 Cent BM and that ridiculous amount of money she was getting plus the house and schooling.  Her simple ass had already  hit the jackpot and didn't even know it.co-sign @6:43 the child shouldn't suffer because of his stupidity. He should set up a trust fund, get life and health insurance, pay for private school, tutors, camp, trips to visit him, etc.@E-love outside kids are a switchblade offense in some circles. He better thank God he married the right one.------------------------------------------------planetjacksonworldwide.blogspot.com
 
wait a minute..people i pay 4grand a year for my child to go to a montissori school which teaches french and spanish and its only 500 a month. so if he gives up the extra 500 she still has 2k a month to "take care" of the baby. come on yall we need to get this together.
 
DEAD @ Bee Gee
 
Multi platinum recording artist paying 2G a month.  Wow.  Broke ass - hell naw - Rich broke ass- he is rich but acts broke.  Or his is rich with a broke ass mentality.  Thats the winner.
 
Just an observation.  Women are using children as a meal ticket or is this just the way of the world.  Bitches ain't shit.  Real talk.  At the end of the day, you should have ejaculated down the bathroom sink drain, so some hoe bitch won't drain your pockets.
 
@ 2:05, go eat a dick.  Even if he is worth $$$,$$$.00 wtf that has to do with you or the next bitch.  He made that money, wrote hard, thought hard, its his labor hoe bitch, give a nigger a break.  I wish I would ejaculate into some hoe bitch to come back like the lot of you all do.
 
when you call a woman a bitch, then i see why most you boy ain't to men yet, bitch about being bitches yourselves, now the mother of his children are bitches and this white woman marrying buffoon can send his black son as much as he spends on his mutt son, black men need to grow up and man up, half you won't pay 100 dollars a month, you sound gsy and jealous
 
@ RnBthugDo you know $30k is below poverty? Are you saying that the a millionaire's child should be raised in poverty, while his other children live in a nice house and in a nice neighborhood? Is that what you're suggesting? I ain't saying the child should be living a "million dollar" lifestyle, but his cheap @ss should be able to kick up at least $7k a month for his child, and buy a house in a nice area.
 
ANON@ 234---LIL WAYNE!!!! HANDS DOWN!!!!!
 
AnRnBThug--I NEVER said that it was alright for her to 'go crazy and try to take him to the cleaners'.  I said that with the amount of money that he makes, he can come up with BETTER than $2500.00 a month.  I ALSO said that this baby needs to have all of the other things that his other children have such as SCHOOL, HEALTH INSURANCE and the like; never once did I say that T-Pain had to take care of HER as well.  The fact that she agreed to go to a mediator in the first place, instead of just slam taking T-Pain to court, tells me that she just wants to make sure their son is taken care of.  Broken down and itemized, even 50 pays MORE than some $2500 a month.
 
^^^^School is supposed to be 50/50Health Insurance in supposed be 50/50Anyway I'm 100% sure He already pays healthcare & school What you think She gets that Money and turns around and pays those bills? She wouldn't have a dime. I'm also sure She doesn't have a job and has other kids 50 Pays 5000G's a month...and He's worth WAYYYY More than T-Pain. 50 Was paying 20 a month outta the goodness of His heart and She took Him to court and lost.
 
8:2730k IS NOT BELOW POVERTY! WHAT ARE YOU *&#@%?HERE JUST FOR YOU....SINCE YOU SO INFORMEDhttp://www.atdn.org/access/poverty.html
 
^^^ Are you retarded? Do you know what middle class income is? It is $80 (technically it's really $100k) a year. Anything less than that is POVERTY! Idiot! How in the hell can this chick do "50/50" with a millionaire? Do you realize how retarded you look? This chick is probably only making like $50k a year, if that, and you expect her to kick in 50/50 with a millionaire? Smh, dude keep ya day job! Lol & still smh
 
^^^^ Ha it's clear you don't have any clue...I'm debating with corky here.50/50 Meaning if health insurance is $300 bucks a month She has to kick in $150If Child care is $600 a month She must kick in $300. What does Him being rich have to do with Her having to chip in? Oh wait..that means She gets everything free ? wow so 75k is poverty? Hahaha...I live in NYC, this is the most expensive city in all the U.S. 75k is NOT poverty here. It is if you a dumbass and spending your Money like you expect to get a free check every week. Then if I take that Money to a city like Atlanta I'd live like a King....Listen, be quite expressing your thoughts & opinions is not becoming of you
 
2000 beans a month ain't shit. my rent is 1500 a month. he makes tons of dough. i don't care how many jobs mom has he needs to pay more. these men are paying small amounts of child support while the mother is spending her whole salary to keep the child taken care of.the custodial parents ALWAYS SPENDS WAY MORE MONEY THAN THE ABSENTEE PARENT..  i know i went through it. this is why i told my daughters don't be stupid. these men only lose a little money but the mother or custodial parent loses lots of money plus their life.. i hope she does get more nobody told him to cheat on his wife. he should pay the piper. the child is innocent and deserves to be well provided for because daddy can afford it..this baby is no different than his other kids. they all came from his dick..
 
^^^^ sounds to me like Mommy made all the wrong decisions and is stuck with a boat load of kids, no man and little money & is very bitter as a result..poor thang
 
its beyond me while we even debate child support. if you make a baby and abandone him or her you should pay child support point blank and simple. being as thaT There are way more single mothers than single fathers, the father should pay a nice amount. why should the father have to only pay pennies when mom is giving her all. why should he pay 2000 while mom is paying more for rent, bills, clothen, or a car note, or mortgage, food, gas, school, medical, dental, all that shit is a hell of alot more than 2000 dollars a month. its going to be more the older he gets.. and it does not matter if she has 65 jobs homie still has to pay up. other countries don't have chid support we should be glad we live in a country that does.if she was on welfare some of you would be taking shit about that. damn a woman can't win for losing. if she goes on welfare she's lazy or a golddigger or if she asks dad for child support she is still lazy and a golddigger. make up your mind people. crazy.. so in laymen's terms if  a lady asks a man to be responsible she is a golddigger??? wow what a fucked world we live in... now i see why there are so many deadbeat dads. we co-sign that shit..
 
check it out fake rnb thug. i don't have a boat load of kids. yeah i bet you are surprised. ha, ha.  my kids are grown. i bet you didn't expect that either.. i don't have grandkids.. ha. my kids were very well provided for honey. if you make a baby you should pay child support. i stepped up to the plate G... guess what i am still owed child support and when i do receive a little money here and there i keep it. yeah, baby i don't have to spend it on my grown kids because thats my money .thats the law. its money i already spent. yeah sweetie i enjoy spending my ex's money on what i want. this is a word to the wise pay your child support when the child is a child because if you don't the custodial parent will enjoy spending your money when the kids are grown. thats the best revenge..
 
@ RnBthugOkay, let's use your retarded logic for a moment. This dude made $15 million last year, which is a little over a mill a month. Let's say the chick makes $1400 a month. Are you saying that the father should only be responsible for maybe $400 a week, because that's all the mother could afford go 50/50, for their child? I mean..are you serious? I just cannot believe the lengths of idiocy that men will go thru to justify why a woman should not be entitled to a certain amount of child support..smh
 
^^^^ Why do you think You should be granted the "world" cause You opened your legs to a Married Man? This is what I'm saying. As long as the Kids have a roof over their heads, food in the fridge for them, and adequate schooling..that's it. It don't matter how much He is making. Cause He in a Mansion you should be too???  That's NOT HIS WIFE. He does not have to provide Financial security for HER, only for His wife.A jump off Does not get the same privileges as a Wife. Why you think 50 Kids' Mom get 5k a month? And to the Dummy that said 2k aint nothing but their rent is 1500.00, so if somebody was knocking out that rent for you it would help you a lot? (yeahhhoookk) Wow so you have grown kids? Congrats AI hope you taught them Men aint shit and to go for the Money!!!If you did, you a great job....spend that money up Girl!! (cluck, cluck) yeah...you getting sweet revenge...(chirp, chirp)
 
^^^ So are you saying the man shouldn't be punished financially for committing adultery and creating an out of wedlock bastard? Look, nobody is suggesting that this chick be living it up in a mansion, the issue is the amount of money that this woman should be entitled to for a life that they BOTH created. A child needs a roof, mortgage/light/gas/food/toys etc., clothes/education/healthcare/insurance/other curriculm activities. There is no way in hell $2k is gonna cover all those expenses. And if the chick is living in a f*cked up neighborhood, T-Pain should be buying her a new house, as well as a car/vehicle to take their child to and from school etc., it is expensive to raise a child, especially if the mother doesn't have the funds to do so.
 
^^^^Hoodrat chatter..."go girl get that $$$"
 
Antoher single mother the wants the same right as a merried mother
 
GREEDY ASS BITCH + STUPID-ASS-MOTHERFUCKA WHO CAN'T KEEP HIS DICK'S WRAPPED THE FUCK UP= 2 DUMB ASSES TRYING TO RAISE A CHILD!!
 
i was pregnant by t-pain also,but unlike ms.cherry i have goals to accomplish so im pretty sure u all know what i had to do..im not proud of my decision but it was a long term decision to make..i thought about my future first..ive never been a gold digger and i was just in love as well as his wife butt i knew what it was when i got with him..i knew he was married,so when a baby accidentally pops up i knew that it was the end of t-pain and i..im just sorry  i ever met him.i wish i never met him.it was fun while it lasted..i knew we werent goingg to have a future together..i knew it had to end somewhere..just not like it  did..
 
i also didnt wanna deal with the whole child support drama,on top of that i already have a daughter to raise..i knew what i was in for if i wouldve had his baby..its hard with just one,and talking about having another one,i wasnt ready and still isnt.im in school tryna make something of myself..so if i wouldve had his baby for money purposes that wouldve been out of my character..id rather work for mine than to be waiting on a check every month..then i wouldve cared more about him being in my childs life than hhim sending money every month..thats what matters most to me..i know  his wife wouldnt have had that though..i just prayed on the situation and did what i had to do.im in nursing school and i wasnt about to give that up just to have Faheems baby or for anyone.i wanna get rich on my own,not by having a rich guys baby.Faheem is his real name..and no,he doesnt believe in using condoms.i may write a book on t-pain and i relationship and what it was like being number two to a celebrity,it might just sell out...OUT!!
 


Post a Comment






      BLOG_CMT_createIframe('https://www.blogger.com/rpc_relay.html');
    

 
  Samantha Burke: Jude Law's Baby Mama, Model, Confirms Identity FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Suggested For You GET THE NEWSLETTER YOU MAY LIKE FOLLOW HUFFPOST HUFFPOST NEWSLETTERS This is the mystery woman pregnant with Jude Law's baby #4. We've learned her name is Samantha Burke, an actress and model. Our sources say DNA tests make it a slam dunk -- Jude's the daddy. Read more on tmz.com  Baller Alert.com BALLER BABY MOMMA DRAMA!! Ballerific Events BallerBoards Latest Activity You need to be a member of Baller Alert.com to add comments! Miami - Angela Simmons Angela I Am South Beach Weekend @ South Beach 2/19 - 2/21 Nashville - Tenth Annual Black Affair Celebrating the Birthday of Robert "Black Rob" Higgins @ Marathon Music Works 2/19 Harrisburg, PA - Young Jeezy & Friends Live in Concert @ Holiday Inn East Resort 2/19 - 2/21 Miami - Angela Simmons Hosts Angela I AM South Beach Weekend @ Studio 23 2/19 St. Louis - State of Emergency 3 Starring Lil Wayne, Yo Gotti, 2 Chainz, Lil St. Louis & LA4SS @Chaifetz Arena 2/21 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 Charlotte - Rick Ross & DJ Envy Tourney Takeover @ The Harvey B. Gantt Center 2/26 Charlotte - Young Dolph, DJ Drama & Kenny Burns Host Ruth's Chris 8th Annual Day Party @ Ruth's Chris Steak House 2/27 Connecticut - Bryson Tiller Trapsoul Tour @ Oakdale Theatre 2/27 Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 
The Game Offers To Invest $10 Million In Kanye West
 
Original 'Good Times' Cast Starts Campaign for a Film
 
Spanish Civil Servant Who Skipped Work For 6 Years Still Got Paid
 
Chris Rock Dating Actress Megalyn Echikunwoke
 Kimora Lee Simmons' Husband  Involved In Overseas Bank Scandal Kimora Lee Simmons' Husband  Involved In Overseas Bank Scandal Nike Terminates Their Contract With Manny Pacquiao Kanye West Humbles Up TMZ Reports: Rihanna Had A Meltdown During Grammy Rehearsals Nike Terminates Their Contract With Manny Pacquiao Kanye West Humbles Up TMZ Reports: Rihanna Had A Meltdown During Grammy Rehearsals Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 The Game Offers To Invest $10 Million In Kanye West Original 'Good Times' Cast Starts Campaign for a Film Spanish Civil Servant Who Skipped Work For 6 Years Still Got Paid Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use Baller Alert.com.  For Women Who Want The Ballerific Life!    Athlete: Michael Jordan Position: One of the greatest basketball players of all time
Drama: Mama has great divorce lawyers
Dish: After 17 years of marriage that included expensive gifts, three children, and failed attempts of reconciliation, Michael and Juanita Jordan divorced in '07. Michael is said to be paying his ex-wife $168 million, which includes the former couple's 7-acre Highland Park estate. Cha-ching! Forget about wanting to "be like Mike," we want to be like Juanita: filthy rich, thanks to the legal system.
  Athlete:Travis Henry Position: Denver Broncos running back
Drama: Too many mamas, not enough dollas
The Dish: Travis Henry probably couldn't explain to you how a condom works seeing how he has nine children ... with nine different women ... in at least four southern states. Henry has a $25 million contract and a base monthly salary near $50,000, but splurging $100,000 on a car and $146,000 on jewelry leaves very little for those pesky child support payments. The NFL player fell so far behind on payments, a judge ordered Henry to establish a $250,000 trust fund to cover a new $3000/month child support payment for a boy he fathered with Jameshia Beacham. Young, unprotected sex surely can burn a whole in your pocket
  Athlete: Gilbert Arenas Position: Washington Wizards guard
Drama: Crazy, but apparently loveable
The Dish: Gilbert Arenas is a weird guy. It's actually a quality that makes him pretty funny and a fan favorite, but in some regards, weird does have its limits. In 2006, Arenas' on-and-off again girlfriend, Laura Govan, chased him all over our great country with the intent to embarrass and serve him a paternity suit during a televised game. He spent a chunk of the season hiding in hotel rooms under various aliases. Weird? Not really. Cat-and-mouse games come with the territory of being a highly paid athlete struggling with the concept of a condom. But after all that drama the two reconciled, Arenas bought her a house near his in Northern Virginia and in March of '07 she gave birth to his second child. Procreating again with the woman who set out to destroy you ... that's not just a little weird, it's a touch of baby mama Stockholm syndrome.
  Athlete: Tom Brady Position: New England Patriots quarterback
Drama: Baby mama crimping his style
The Dish: Two months after dumping actress Bridget Moynahan and upgrading to supermodel Giselle Bundchen, the actress dropped a bomb on the QB: she was pregnant with his son. This of course unleashed all kinds of drama, mainly of the single-struggling-mother-vs.- baby's-father-galavanting-with-hot-new-girlfriend-seems-like-he-could-care-less-about-the-kid variety. While Brady's been leading the NFL's hottest team on the field and creeping with Giselle off it, Bridget's been raising their child in California . She even provided the child, John Edward Thomas, with her last name -- not Brady's -- on the birth certificate. Funny how the New York Jets are the Patriots chief rivals and Tom Brady's son's initials spell JET. Coincidence or revenge of a scorned baby mama?
  Athlete: Shaquille O'Neal Position: Miami Heat center
Drama: Shady business
The Dish: After five years of marriage and four children, Shaq filed for divorce in September with allegations that his wife Shaunie O'Neal had been "secretive" about her money and that she may have used marital funds without telling him. The rumor mill churned with gossip that the baller's wife bought a home for her former boyfriend, although recent court reports show no indication of that. According to a financial affidavit she filed, Shaunie's worth nearly $30 million -- and that's before her divorce cut from Shaq.
  Athlete: Jason Kidd Position: New Jersey Nets point guard
Drama: CRAZY
The Dish: Jason Kidd, who five years ago plead guilty to hitting his wife, Joumana, over a french fry, went through some difficulties this year. And by difficulties, we're talking about the ugly public divorce kind, which includes allegations of infidelity and domestic abuse. After essentially calling his wife a psycho who physically abused him in a lawsuit, Joumana filed a counter-suit against her hubby with claims he had extramarital affairs with TV reporters, strippers, a cheerleader, a Nets season ticket holder and ... basically anything breathing in a skirt. She also claimed Kidd assaulted her with everything from a rock to a cookie. But according to Joumana, that's all in the past now. "He comes over all the time -- we laugh and joke about it now and he's apologized a million times about how it happened," she told the NY Post. How exactly do those conversations transpire? Perhaps something like, "Hey Jason, remember when you almost killed me and threw cookies at my head? Ah, good times. So funny. Hahahahaha .. so hilarious."
  Athlete: Matt Leinart Position: Arizona Cardinals quarterback
Drama: Mama's a party killer
The Dish: Arizona Cardinals quarterback Matt Leinart has been linked with Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan and even Britney Spears. Ladies love him, guys want to be him and USC women's basketball player Brynn Cameron has the golden ticket: she's the mother of his kid. After publicly venting about the struggles of carrying most of the parenting load while her baby daddy lived a playboy lifestyle, followed by a less-than-comfy child support dispute, Cameron now has $15,000 reasons to be happy each month. That's the amount Leinart shells out in child support for baby Cole.
  Player: Larry Fitzgerald Position: Arizona Cardinals wide receiver
Drama: He could be the father
The Dish: Matt Leinart isn't the only Cardinals player with baby mama drama, wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald might as well be a guest on a Maury Povich "Who's the Daddy?" show. Angela Nazario, a former Oakland Raiderettes cheerleader, filed suit and is currently seeking child support from Fitzgerald who she says is the father of her unborn child. And how's this for drama: Fitzgerald apparently asked Nazario to have an abortion, and then tried to bribe her with money, cars and houses when she refused to comply. "I don't need this all over the news like Matt Leinart," he allegedly said. Oops ... too late. Fitzgerald has asked for a DNA paternity test to be taken once the child is born in January.

What will Maury say? "Larry, you are ..." stay tuned.
  Athlete: LeBron James Position: Cleveland Cavaliers forward
Drama: Permanent baby mama
The Dish: When it comes to LeBron James and his longtime girlfriend, Savannah Brinson, there appears to be little drama. He's an NBA superstar/cash cow, fans love him, and the two welcomed their second son, Bryce Maximus James, into the world this year. No drama at all ... until you consider the fact Savannah is still waiting on that wedding bling from King James. Two kids ... with the same woman ... and no proposal? Perhaps it's a grand plan to make sure she doesn't get alimony one day.
  Athlete: Kobe Bryant
Position: Los Angeles Lakers shooting guard
Drama: It's cheaper to keep her
The Dish: After meeting at a music video shoot where Vanessa was a background dancer, Kobe handed her a seven-carat engagement ring, v alued at $100,000 while she was still in high school. Vanessa's given birth to his two daughters, stood by him when he fessed up to cheating and was accused of rape, and amazingly accepted his apology (and the $4 million diamond ring that came with it).
 Don't hold your breath waiting for a Vanessa-Kobe divorce because Mrs. Bryant isn't going anywhere. She's a 25 year-old with two kids and since the Bryants had no prenuptial agreement, she stands to receive half of his $200 million. If Kobe likes his fat wallet, he'll hold on real tight to V. Now we're not saying she's a gold digger, but she's certainly working with some high figures.  Athlete: Elijah Dukes Position: Washington Nationals outfielder
Drama: Anger management issues
The Dish: Elijah Dukes' estranged wife, NiShea Gilbert sought a restraining order against him after he repeatedly threatened her and their two children in phone calls and text messages, including a photo of a handgun he sent to her cell phone. In April, Dukes stormed the school where she teaches and threatened her to the point where a sheriff's deputy had to ban him from the property. And if you're looking for more drama: he's the father of five children by four different women and two of his kids were born eight days apart from each other. With the writer's strike looming, the 'Dukes of Sperm' is sure to be a reality TV hit
  Athlete: Jason Caffey Position: Former NBA player
Drama: So many kids, so little cash
The Dish: Jason Caffey hasn't received an NBA check since 2003, which is unfortunate for him because he has some big child support payments to make for at least eight children ranging from ages 3-14, in and around Atlanta as well as in Alabama, Louisiana and Illinois. It's actually not clear exactly how many children Caffey has fathered, as he and his attorney are mum on the actual count. The former NBA player was so behind on his payments he had to file for bankruptcy to keep his baby mamas at bay. 
Views: 8321 
                    Tags: baby, baller, drama, momma  Share !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");

Tweet




Facebook





 Comment Join Baller Alert.com 
RSS
 Welcome toBaller Alert.com Sign Upor Sign In Or sign in with:  
February 19, 2016 to February 21, 2016 – South Beach  
February 19, 2016 at 9pm to February 20, 2016 at 3am – Marathon Music Works  
February 19, 2016 at 10pm to February 21, 2016 at 8pm – Holiday Inn East Resort  
February 19, 2016 at 11pm to February 20, 2016 at 5am – Studio 23  
February 21, 2016 at 7pm to February 22, 2016 at 12am – Chaifetz Arena  
February 26, 2016 at 9pm to February 27, 2016 at 3am – Grady Cole Center  
February 26, 2016 at 10pm to February 27, 2016 at 2:30am – Harvey B. Gantt Center  
February 27, 2016 from 1pm to 8pm – Ruth's Chris Steak House  
February 27, 2016 at 8pm to February 28, 2016 at 12am – Oakdale Theatre  
March 12, 2016 from 11:30am to 4pm – South Beach Lady (boards at Sea Isle Marina, Pier 5)   
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 5 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 #KanyeWest may have asked #Facebook co-founder #MarkZuckerberg to invest $1 billion into "Kanye West ideas," but it's another rapper who is offering to help Yeezy out during his $53 million financial…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 6 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 The #1970s classic, #GoodTimes, could possibly coming to a theater near you. The original cast has teamed up with #Kickstarter for a campaign to raise $1 million for the film. BerNadette Stanis,…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 6 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 A court has ruled that a Spanish civil servant must pay back 27,000 Euros (US $30,000) in wages after it was discovered that he didn't show up to work for "at least six years" and had done…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 17 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 #ChrisRock, 51, is reportedly dating actress Megalyn Echikunwoke, 32, according to a source allegedly close to the comedian that confirmed the news to Page Six.Echikunwoke has appeared in "CSI:…Continue  
    © 2016               Created by Baller Alert.             
    Powered by
 
Badges  | 
                        Report an Issue  | 
                        Terms of Service
 Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.