   


Buzzfeed



celebrity
  First Photos Of Mariah Yeater, Justin Bieber’s (Alleged) Baby Mama  

   Harvard Graduate Sues School Over Handling Of Reported Sexual Assault Bernie’s Test: Can He Add Nevada’s Young Latinos To His Coalition And Win?  Report an Issue Thanks! Blake Lively Has Just Reached New Levels Of Flawlessness... Adele Said A Mic Dropped In The Piano And That's Why... Justin Bieber Tried To Cover Up His Selena Gomez Tattoo... It Sounds Like Taylor Swift Responded To Kanye West... Contributions 
document.write(title)
 
document.write(title)
 
            
            Now Buzzing
            
         

        Connect With
        
        


        

        Celebrity

      
 Need more BuzzFeed? Sign up for our BuzzFeed Today newsletter! 313,178 VIEWS  
20-Year-Old Mariah Yeater is the woman behind the Justin Bieber paternity suit. She alleges that her (alleged) 30-second tryst with Bieber resulted in a pregnancy. Here are photos of her so you can imagine their gross alleged bathroom encounter. I’m sorry for the mental images.
    				
    				
    			 View this image › Yeater’s Account Of The Tryst: “Immediately, it was obvious that we were mutually attracted to one another, and we began to kiss. Shortly thereafter, Justin Bieber suggested that I go with him to a private place where we could be alone. I agreed to go with him and on the walk to a private area, he told me he wanted to make love to me and this was going to be his first time.” At this point the two went to a bathroom. “We went inside and immediately his personality changed drastically. He began touching me and repeatedly said he wanted to fuck the shit out of me. At the time I asked him to put a condom for protection, but he insisted that he did not want to. In his own words, he said that because it was his first time he wanted to feel everything.” “He was on top of me with my legs around him. At the time I was on top of some type of shelf. The sexual intercourse itself was brief, lasting only approximately 30 seconds.” Quotes courtesy of Gawker View this image › No word on whether or not this is the bathroom. View this image › View this image › View this image › Check out more articles on BuzzFeed.com! You are signed in as .  
Tagged:justin bieber, justin bieber paternity, mariah yeater, mariah yeater photo, mariah yeater photos, mother of justin biebers baby, viral, ew, fail, lol, trashy, whoa, wtf 
 Hey! This video may have privacy restrictions. Ensure that it is publicly visible to everyone. 
 Share this on Facebook   
          (Connected as   [Disconnect])
  
	        by Monica Mark
 Survey says  © 2016  BuzzFeed, Inc   has been editing this post since .  took your lock at . Something's wrong, a mini-history of this post: Please select the newsletters you'd like to receive. Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing! You should sign up for our Daily newsletter! Oops! We had a problem sending your message. Please try again later. Great! You'll get your first email soon. Drag to highlight one or more parts of the screen. We got your feedback, and we'll follow up with you at
          
 Sadly, an error occured while sending your feedback. Please contact bugs@buzzfeed.com
                                 to let us know.  Nate Dogg's Baby Mama -- Fluff, Fold, Call 911! Nate Dogg's Baby Mama -- Fluff, Fold, Call 911! SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS Crash DAMAGE You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          6/20/2011 3:30 AM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  Crooked I's Baby Mama "Renee" Releases A Vlog Trying To Put Him On Front Street For Refusing To Pay Her Child Support & Cutting All Ties With His 8-Year-Old Son! RECOMMENDED VIDEOS SPONSORED CONTENT Crooked I of Slaughterhouse's baby mother Please click the “Report” button below if the video on this page is not working properly. Report this video! NEVERMIND, TAKE ME BACK Thanks! Your cooperation in making Worldstar a better site is always appreciated. Our team will now look into fixing this error. Embedding Options (Click to copy)  Selena Gomez Talks Justin Bieber Baby Mama Scandal  Trending Now Related Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Ogle Gigi Hadid's Sheer Jumpsuit Selena Gomez Talks Justin Bieber Baby Mama Scandal  
News
 Who wouldn&apos;t get stressed out? After Mariah Yeater reportedly dropped her dubious paternity lawsuit against him last week, it looks like Justin Bieber&apos;s baby mama drama behind him -- which means his girlfriend Selena Gomez can breathe a sigh of relief. 
PHOTOS: Selena and Justin&apos;s beach PDA
 
PHOTOS: Selena and Justin&apos;s beach PDA
 The singer-actress, 19, opened up about the fracas (which made headlines worldwide) during a Thursday appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. "What a crazy two weeks it&apos;s been!" Ellen DeGeneres remarked to the star, 19. "To say the least," the "Who Says?" singer admitted. "I have been [alright]." 
PHOTOS: How Selena has grown up
 
PHOTOS: How Selena has grown up
 With Yeater&apos;s lawsuit dismissed -- and unearthed text messages from Yeater about the real father of her baby further disproving her claims -- Gomez confided things are "good" and less stressful. Indeed, Gomez and Bieber, 17, have shown a united, affectionate front throughout the scandal, in which Yeater claimed he fathered her 4-month-old son, Tristyn, during a quick encounter backstage at an L.A. concert a year ago. 
PHOTOS: Bieber&apos;s biggest Beliebers!
 
PHOTOS: Bieber&apos;s biggest Beliebers!
 Still, Gomez has been "exhausted and withdrawn," one source told Us Weekly. "She&apos;s supportive of Justin, but it&apos;s been very tough." You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! 


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





 
                Don't have an Us Weekly account? 
                Sign up here.
             
Sign In
 


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





 
            Want to be an Us Insider? Sign up for exclusive news about your favorite celebrities and more.
         
            Already a member? Click here.
         


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





  
Register
  
PhillyGossip
 Jose Reyes in town visiting daughter, baby mama. Phillies too?  Comment policy: Dan Gross  Jose Reyes in town visiting daughter, baby mama. Phillies too?  Mets shortstop Jose Reyes, now a free agent, was spotted at the Continental (2nd & Market) Tuesday which fueled rumors that he was meeting with the Phillies. He was here visiting his daughter and baby mama   Mets shortstop Jose Reyes, now a free agent, was spotted at the Continental (2nd & Market) Tuesday which fueled rumors that he was meeting with the Phillies. 
The team says it is not interested in Reyes, despite several sources telling us that there was some type of meeting. 
We can tell you that the married Reyes visited his daughter and baby mama, a Daily News Sexy Single while in town.
Ay! Dios mio. Mets shortstop Jose Reyes, now a free agent, was spotted at the Continental (2nd & Market) Tuesday which fueled rumors that he was meeting with the Phillies. 
The team says it is not interested in Reyes, despite several sources telling us that there was some type of meeting. 
We can tell you that the married Reyes visited his daughter and baby mama, a Daily News Sexy Single while in town.
Ay! Dios mio. Mets shortstop Jose Reyes, now a free agent, was spotted at the Continental (2nd & Market) Tuesday which fueled rumors that he was meeting with the Phillies.  The team says it is not interested in Reyes, despite several sources telling us that there was some type of meeting.  We can tell you that the married Reyes visited his daughter and baby mama, a Daily News Sexy Single while in town. Ay! Dios mio. Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted.    The Anti-Baby Mama Campaign: Should Moms Be Married? Search form Profile Search Search form You are here comments Connect with us Your Account Parenting.com Parents JayVon Muhammad, a midwife from South Carolina, speaks out against single moms on her site urbanmidwifery.com, calling the increase in single motherhood the "Baby Mama Epidemic." Her message is clear: "Being a Baby Mama" is NOT normal." And "Having a spouse to love, care, and provide for you allows you to take your rightful place in the home. The feminine role! The role of wife, mother, first teacher, first nurse." JayVon Muhammad, a midwife from South Carolina, speaks out against single moms on her site urbanmidwifery.com, calling the increase in single motherhood the "Baby Mama Epidemic." Her message is clear: "Being a Baby Mama" is NOT normal." And "Having a spouse to love, care, and provide for you allows you to take your rightful place in the home. The feminine role! The role of wife, mother, first teacher, first nurse." Plus: Arnold Schwarzenegger's Love Child: The Single Mom Take She claims the media is to blame for normalizing single moms, and she's launched a campaign to "dispel the lie." She's specifically aiming her efforts toward the black community, where she says 70% of babies are born to unwed mothers, but I suppose any unmarried mama is suspect in her eyes. Plus: The Single Parent Handbook According to her site, “Being Married is WHAT’s UP!” And while a healthy marriage can provide more stability for a child, isn’t it hard to lump all single moms (teens vs. adults, planned vs. unplanned, completely solo vs. in a committed relationship) into one group? And do single moms, some doing the best they can after having been abandoned by their partners, need to be made to feel even worse about their situation? Muhammad does, for the record, offer money and emotional support to pregnant women who are "homeless, unemployed, heart-broken, or embarrassed because their relationship has fallen apart, and now they are pregnant and left to raise a child alone" – with a side order of guilt. Plus: The Married Single Mom What do you think? Do all kids need married parents? Is there a Baby Mama Epidemic?  Dating Do's, Don'ts & Duh!! Dealing With The Baby-mama Post navigation Dating can be complicated, but simplicity is everything. Love with common sense! 
			40 comments		 Menu Share this: Like this: Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply Visitors Guest Writers!!! Join My Networks! I'm On Instagram!! Receive Blog Alerts! Top Posts & Pages Follow “Dating Do's, Don'ts & Duh!!”  I sooo dislike the term ‘baby-mama,’ but it’s become the staple meaning of an out-of-wedlock single mother. For the purposes of this post, however, divorcee’s are included under the term ‘baby-mama.’ ‘Baby-mama drama’ is the term used to describe the angry, bitter, heart-broken out-of-wedlock single mother. Both terms create hesitation on the part of a woman dating a man with a baby-mama and /or baby-mama drama. The hesitation develops from the understanding that along with the man, comes the kid(s) and the baby-mama. Women are very territorial with their men, so it takes an understanding woman to date a man with a baby-mama. Most women are less concerned about the kid(s), and are more concerned about the woman who will be apart of their lives for at least eighteen years. I’ve been the girlfriend of a man with a baby-mama and baby-mama drama. It is no easy task depending on how intense the drama is, but I have a few Do’s and Don’ts to share with you. 1) Don’t Get Involved in the Baby-mama Drama: It is only natural that a man will probably vent to their current woman about the qualms and disagreements between he and his baby-mama (I really hate this term). Your role at this point is to be a support to your man, not a coach. Listen and be attentive to his emotions, but don’t “egg him on.” The issues with the mother of his chid or MOC (much better) is his battle to fight, and your battle to be supportive of. You can make helpful suggestions, but leave the negative comments in your mind where they started. 2) Don’t Be Naive: It is important to understand early in your relationship that you and the MOC may not get along. Be prepared for the worse and hope for the best. Remember the not so funny sitcom “All of Us,” based on the relationship between Will and Jada Pinkett-Smith, and Will’s ex-wife? The new wife and the ex-wife eventually became friends and everything was peachy-keen. Yeah that may not happen to you, so be ready if ish hits the fan! And finally… 3) Do-Let Your Man Handle It: If the MOC is constantly interfering in your relationship, let your man handle it. I touched on this before when I said it’s your man’s battle to fight. For example, if the MOC is being an instigator, bad-mouthing you, or being disrespectful, your man should handle it. I’m not saying don’t stick up for yourself, but your man should have already had the MOC in check! He should put her in her place long before she even gets to you. The more you entertain her shenanigans, the more she will feel like she’s winning. Furthermore, if he is not controlling the situation, then the MOC and her drama will be a constant problem in your relationship. Don’t let her win! *Check out the Video Pick of the Week, Jill Scott’s “Gettin’ In The Way,” in the sidebar.   Great post.
Which pretty muchs sums it up as one of my stronger personal preferences of not getting involved with a man with a child/ren. Thank you Nekole! Finding a man 30 and over without children seems rare, unfortunately, but I can accept a man with a child. I don’t know about more than one child though. I’ve been there, done that, lol. so true words to live by, when I was married I talked with exhusbands’ daughter mother one time, we discussed haircare, and views of discipline, I would punish when needed, and follow ex’s view on no spanking, after that talk if she had any issues when daughter stayed with us she was to address to him, if he agreed with her he would talk to me, when they had blowups I stayed out of it, we were respectful toward each other if we were at birthday parties, and recitals, when she got married had to remind exhusband to stay out their household he could not dictate relationship with her stepfather as long as child is not endanger they have their way and we had ours You brought up a good point about reminding your ex-husband to stay out of the household of his ‘baby mama.’ I guess it’s an adjustment for all parties involved. It would be interesting to hear a man’s perspective on dealing with the stepfather and/or the ‘baby daddy.’ Hey there,  You have performed an excellent job. I will definitely digg it and in my view recommend to my friends. I’m sure they’ll be benefited from this website. hi!,I really like your writing very much! percentage we communicate more about your post on AOL? I need an expert on this area to unravel my problem. Maybe that is you! Having a look forward to look you. Thanks so much!!!! I’m dating a man who I care very much about with some baby mama drama…I’m being very supportive of him, but this helps me understand it a lot more. Hi Alison!  I’m glad you found the post helpful.  The best thing a woman can do in this situation is to be supportive to her mate, but also be smart.  I hope you continue reading and happy holidays to you!! Yeah, this isn’t easy. What about a situation where the new girlfriend is 20 and the man with kids is 29/30? Then his baby mama (MOC) is also near 30 and thinks she can talk down on the girlfriend. Ugh, advice? Hi JJ! Thanks for your comment! Your situation sounds very unpleasant, but the key to resolving this issue is to have a very serious conversation with the MOC. Don’t create tension with the MOC, but you have to make it clear she has to respect your current girlfriend. Approach her calmly, but let your words be stern. Also, it might help to use the concept ‘if the shoe were on the other foot.’ Try explaining to her how uncomfortable it is if she were in your position. The matter definitely needs to be addressed, but it is for you to address and not for the girlfriend to address. So I recommend to handle it before your girlfriend reaches her breaking point. It has to be hard for your girlfriend, regardless of age, to be disrespected…especially by your ex. Take all feelings into consideration. I hope you find this helpful. Happy Holidays!! Hello, I been living with my boyfriend for a year. Things went pretty fast, I say this because we didn’t date long before we moved in together. He has 3 kids! lol. My issue here is he dosen’t put his foot down when he has to. I sometimes feel he feels that by keeping MOC and kids happy is 1st then me. We have already talked about it many times but each time is just a “sorry, I will make sure it dosen’t happen again”  I am just getting so tired of this :( Hello “Sick and Tired”
I understand your frustration because of course I’ve been there before. Please do not take offense by my words, but when dating a man with children you are NOT his priority. So if he feels the MOC and his children are 1st, he is absolutely right! That does not mean you are not a priority to him, but you are not his 1st priority. So as the girlfriend of a man who has children, you have to live with it. However it is the responsibility of your boyfriend to keep the peace between you and the MOC. He may not want to be the middle man, but he has to get the MOC to understand you are a part of his life now. He too has to set boundaries with her; boundaries for her and him. It’s important for him to balance time with his children and you as well. I’d be lying if I said it will be easy, but this will be an obstacle to overcome in dating a man with children. I hope this helps & keep me posted! Happy Holidays!! Thank you for responing back. Oh, and no offense taken at all. It’s just that this is my 1st relationship with a man with kids. I have no kids and was used to dateing men without kids, So it’s really hard at time’s for me and I’m sure for him too. I knew I was going to have to deal with things like this from the beginning. I guess what happened as well that really frustrated me and thanks to the other stories here I know now I was wrong was… I tired to help him giving him advise (at 1st) with dealing with MOC not bossing him around anymore. But, then it truned into me actually telling him what to do. So, when he didnt do it or only once, that’s when the Hulk in me would come out. lol… We have the kids every other weekend. So I guess it’s not that bad at all, it could have been worse. Right? He is a really great man and father. I Know he tries SOOO hard to keep me happy. Thank you for the eye opener. Your right, his kids should be his 1st and only priority. I better make it up to him today ;) lol Once again thank you for this helpful website. Happy Holidays! Hey Diana! You’re very welcome and it sounds like you have a man who loves you and is trying to balance. Thanks for your comment and I hope you continue to read. Happy New Year!! :) I actually disagree. The child is his first priority as his child. And you are his first priority as his girlfriend. If you become pregnant, you are and should be, of the same importance if not more (actually) than his BM. Simple facts. What if the MOC is making passes at your boyfriend and being sneaky an your man said he handled it but not like a real man stands up for his woman what do you do how can you trust him or anything they do or talk about.? I am 20 years old and I’m dating a guy with a daughter who just turned 1…and him and his baby mama relationship is well and he told me that in 3 years he might have another kid with her for his little girl. Should I stay or leave ASAP? I’m literally playing house with him if you ask me. I think I’ve put up with with so much because I never met someone like him who has done so much for me and I’ve grown so much with his help. Should I just be friends or just drop him. I know I’m in denial about our situation I just want another point of view and some advice on what is the best way to go about it. Hi Taj! Thank you for your comment. Where should I begin… By no means am I judging you, but I have to keep it real with you that your relationship sounds like a mess. You are with someone who makes it clear he wants to have another baby with the mother of his child. What about you? He is blatantly letting you know that he has a plan and future for the mother of his child, but no plan and future for you. Are you supposed sit on the sidelines while he and his ex conceive the baby? It’s a mess!! Woman to woman, open your eyes. People show you who they are by their actions and words and he told you who he is with that statement. You say he’s done so much for you, but in the same sentence you say you’ve put up with so much. It’s a mess!! It’s best to take a step back and really look at the relationship; the past, present, and is there a future?  You have a lot of life to live and the last thing you should do is waste time on someone who does not make you a priority. Love yourself enough to walk away. I hope this helps Taj…best of luck to you! I and my boyfriend have a 2 yr old together. We have been together for 4 years we separated for 5 months and he had a baby with another female. We live together and the other mother lives 3 hours away so when he visits he comes back but the last time the mother had surgery and asked him to see about his daughter that was fine but I have a problem with him cause he stayed. He says it’s nothing wrong with it cuz it’s about his child  BUT I FEEL LIKE IT’S WRONG AND Disrespectful!! He should either stay at a hotel with his daughter or bring her back home.  Is it wrong or right for him to stay? Hi, I recently started dating someone who is living with his baby mother. She has literally drained this man and made him depressed. He actually sees a therapist once a week. They were together for eight years and had a child. They have been together for ten years now. So I already knew what it was before hand. The on n off relationship… The arguments the nagging. We had met before Xmas and instantly fell. We spent nye together and the messages she sent him confused me because he told me they were done. Apparently, this chick has some issues with the word no…and him being done. Until hr brought me home. Now…its his house..he inherited it…they are no longer done and he informed her that she was a tenant and if she doesn’t like that he is in s new relationship she could move to the second floor..problem with that is her son is on the third floor. So..that didn’t happen. So he wants to move me in…only problem is..she wants me on the second floor or I can’t be there….. WaaaaaaaIT. Its my mans house right??? This girl has literally turned him into a baby…he can’t even make decisions on his own. She wants him to put her name on the house.. Give her the car…like he feels he owes her something because of his son. So I’m moving in the house… Only because I make him happy and he can actually eat and not be stressed
.but my question is…how do I support him and build him back up without  taking heat from her.? Hi Confused and Worried! I hate to say it, but this situation sounds like a mess. The mess is with the baby mother, however your man takes ownership in the mess too. Understand that you can’t build a man’s backbone, you can only support him. You will have to come to terms with the fact that baby mother hold reign in your man’s heart, mind & apparently the house. There is no reason why they live together. I understand they have a son but there has to be an alternative. If they are in fact not together and live together, and now you’re moving in, think about how confusing that is for the child. It just seems to be a lot going on and if you are okay with taking the backseat to their awkward relationship, then fine,but don’t move in thinking you’re going to change things or change his outlook on things. He needs to take care of his situation; that is not your responsibility. Keep in mind too that if you get in the middle, nine times out of ten, especially based on the current situation, you will not win; baby mother will. Take time to think about what you really want out of a relationship and that will help you deal with the matter at hand. I hope this helps. Thanks for your comment! I know this is super old but if you are still providing advice I would love some right now.  I have been in a relationship for the past 2 years with someone I love.  He has 4 kids and i have none…yikes!  Now, i like to think im a smart girl, so i had an understanding coming into it that his kids are #1 obviously, we need to be 100% clear and open about the boundaries in the relationships he is to have with his baby mamas, and it wont be the easiest thing in the world, i know i will have to accept some things i may not like, no arguements here.  For the most part I was under the impression that the boundaries were understood, and that his baby mothers would be the last women he should be caught crossing the line with.  Well the other day his BM randomly posted a comment on his social media saying “you know i love you boy, like foreal #soulmates”, and immediately i felt some type of way about it.  I understand in a lot of BM/BD situations that love is still going to be there, im not naive about their history, but I am not down for women being on my man’s page talking like that.  So I expressed my concerns to him and he just defends defends defends, no big deal, dont worry about it blah blah.  well just as I was about to drop it, I seen him leaving unprovoked comments under her pictures saying things like “Im in love all over again #honeybee”, “you know you are mines” “i still have a chance booskie” etc.  This obviously really pissed me off, and when i confronted him with the info his response was, “ok i flirt, so what”.  Those couple of events made me feel like i had no choice but to end it, being that we have dealt with this type of disrespect several times in the past with little random women, and he knows that crossing the line with BM was a deal breaker.  I have been VERY accepting, of his unfortunate situations and this really just feels like a slap in my face.  He doesnt seem to care to find out how to fix it and i just cant wrap my head around it.  WE used to talk about marriage, and together forever, and our friends and family say we are meant to be, I was really really in love with this man, i gave him unwavering loyalty and complete honesty.  I am struggling to really believe that these past 2 years were pretty much meaningless because at the end of the day they always go back to the BM, and i think the only way I would get the respect i deserve is if i act crazy.  I dont wanna be crazy, I just want respect.  Would i just be fighting a losing battle?  I am not in agreeance that his BM should take priority over me unless its dealing anything with the kids.  But the i love yous, and soulmate, and im in love all over again ish is MY lane, and in this lane the BM is an ex bitch, so if you are telling me that it is ok to have that type of relationship with his BM, or that its not my place to address it, then i know that it is really time for me to go. it seems like with how things are going you should talk one last time and leave it at that. Everyone knows that flirting with your ex is taboo. Especially when you’ve already got someone else. If he’s trying to say it’s not a big deal, he’s being willfully ignorant. It is a big deal because at this point in time she is only his BM. He doesn’t need to win her back. He has you, but he’s not treating you correctly in this situation. I think you should reevaluate if you feel loved. Do yourself a favor and be sure to do not what you want to do, but what is best for you. Having issues myself with this one. My boyfriend and I are totally in love. However, his child’s mother is constantly a problem. He entertains her every command, all in the name of his son. Having kids myself with another man, I have never seen a father give so much of himself, time, money or anything like my boyfriend does for his son. The child’s mother is constantly accusing me of being psycho and jealous of her. I know he doesn’t want her.  That’s not the issue. He is so afraid that she will pack up and move with their son. He calls her a piece of crap mom and says that he is the only parent the child has. I simply don’t see it. He’s not the custodial parent. I don’t understand why he thinks everything is how responsibility. I know I am all over the place, but I can’t get over this issue. I don’t know how to make her leave me alone. She’s always telling me that she doesn’t want him but could have him if she decided to. I really believe that he hates her. She schemed and got pregnant on purpose, and was married to someone else! I need help to put her in her place! I am BEYOND stressed out about the baby mama situation. & I call her that because she gives no shits about her son. This kid is strictly used as ammo against his dad. She has complete control over every situation in his life. My boyfriend has been living with me for a few months now. Everything is going good, but she’s constantly an issue. His son has been over here twice now. I love that little boy with my whole heart. But we had kept our living situation not really a secret, but we didn’t tell her that he lived with me. When he took his son back to the mom she flipped her script because their little boy brought me up. So he’s no longer allowed over here anymore. Instead of putting his foot down or getting a lawyer to get visitation rights, my boyfriend said well if she won’t let me see him while living here I’m moving out. Am I wrong for thinking that is just going too far? I don’t have any kids, but I know how my parents were. & that’s not it. She wants him back with her, & since he wont, their son is the only thing She can use against him. I’m just getting so upset. i have  a question my ex jus got of mail becuz me and his situation we had and the past now his babymama taking to get with him but when their baby was born she didnt want to b with him so wat can i do now it’s interfering me n him geting bk together Hi Janina! The decision is not yours to make.  Sometimes women make the mistake of trying to direct the man towards the decisions we want him to make or we attempt to fight for a man to keep him near, but ultimately the decision is up to the man.  He is the one who has to decide if he wants to be with the mother of his child or be with you.  If he chooses you, then again it is his responsibility to make it clear to the mother of his child that he does not want a romantic relationship.  Don’t be mad at her if he is not making that clear to her and playing with both of you.  Talk to him and really listen to what he tells you about his feelings for her, for you, and proceed from there.  I hope this helps!  Thanks for your comment! Hi!  For starters great article, short, sweet and too the point!  I’m hoping you can give some insight on my current situation.  My BF and I have been dating almost 9 months and his son is really young, 8 months to be exact.  His son’s mom will send him text multiple times a day sometimes updates on what the child is doing or sometimes just random pictures of the child, it could be first thing in the morning, throughout the day or bedtime, usually all of the above.  Daily.  I understand that the baby is young and they both want to be apart of all the baby’s first, such as first words, steps, first time doing anything, plus the cute quirky things their baby will do and especially if the baby is not feeling well.  But is this relentless consistency normal?  She requires that when they child is with him he does the same thing.  Needless to say, it bothers me, truly, because it seems excessive.  I’ve never said anything to him about about, my intent isn’t to take anything away from him….but I know how it makes me feel. Uneasy.  My thoughts have been to let it ride till the child is older, this is new and exciting for them and i don’t want to cause any more issues than they already have between them, but I don’t know what to do here. This is my exact same situation!! My boyfriend and the baby’s mom (baby is two months) text daily about the baby. Occasionally it gets slightly off topic and it really bothers me. I understand asking how the baby is doing since she is so young, but every single day? I don’t know if I am strong enough to handle it. I know he tells me he hates her and is only being civil so she doesn’t slap him with child support, but the texting daily is getting annoying to me! I think it’s mostly my insecurities, but I don’t know. When I bring it up he gets angry and tells me the same things, “I’m just being nice so she doesn’t ask for more money blah blah blah”. Hi Ann!!  Please read the comments I made to Ash; I think it will help you as well.  You are both dealing with very young children and if you are second-guessing how much you can deal with it now, then you won’t make it to see the child’s 18th birthday.  At this point I assume you are in the relationship with the idea of it hopefully being long-term, so if you are unsure now, then it will not work; the child is not going anywhere and neither is the mother of his child.  Take a good look at what you really want in a relationship; maybe dating someone with baggage is not for you.  Good luck and thanks for your comment!! Hi Ash!  I have to be brutally honest with you here; you’re asking for a lot and you should tread lightly in this situation.  I say that because you are dealing with a young child, 8 months old, so it is not your place to be annoyed that the child’s mother wants to include the father in the young child’s day-to-day activities.  While the amount of contact may be excessive to you, as long as the contact is about the child and nothing inappropriate, there is nothing to complain about.  Does your boyfriend have an issue with the amount of contact from his mother’s child?  If not, then you do not have a right to complain.  The one thing I stress about being in a relationship with someone with a child/children, is you are not the priority; the child/children is the priority.  I’ll be honest with you, at this time, you are simply the girlfriend of 9 months, but his child is his forever.  So think about where his priority lies.  Also think of it this way, you wouldn’t want to be with a man who is not involved in their child’s life, especially if they have an ex who is encouraging their involvement.  You could be dealing with an ex who is causing problems of keeping the child away from the father or having issues with you; instead you are dealing with an ex who simply wants to make sure the father is a part of their son’s day-to-day activities and growth.  I definitely would not mention this to your boyfriend.  You are choosing to deal with someone with baggage, so you just have to deal with it.  I hope this helps and thanks so much for your comment!! Hi again!! Lol I’m a little late to your response.  I love your blogs, but I didnt go back to this one to read your response since it was an older blog!  I won’t make that mistske again :-) Anyway, I did day something about it, it didn’t seem appropriate to me at all,  some of the picks were more her than the baby, I understand signing up for baggage, but if something makes you as uncomfortable as this made me,  I don’t see how keeping your lips sealed would benefit the relationship.  But I am younger and still learning!  Turns out, he felt (and she was,) she was using that and other things as a way to control their situation, not just an update to keep him involved in the child’s life.  He’s finally wised up and is taking her to court for custody, so hopefully they work things out! Him and I are no longer together, but best wishes to them!  Again love your blogs! Don’t quit! Hi beautiful ! First I’m sorry for this long message … You probably have a lot to do but I need some advice concerning my relationship and if u got 5 minutes to read it would help a lot :) thanks x
It’s been a little bit more than two years that I am with my boyfriend. I have a daughter with another man and he has a child of 4. We’ve been living together for about a year now.
His child’s mother doesnt accept the break up although she has boyfriends but when she found out he was with the same girl (me) for a few months she understood it was kind of serious and she got really mad and decided not to let him see his kid anymore. He tried to go there and see their child but she gets very violent breaks everything yells and never let him enter . I know he suffers from this and I really feel bad about it. I can’t stop thinking that if I wasn’t with him , maybe he would be able to see his son and everything would get better for them . We only talked once about it (he’s not very talkative about that and I don’t want to be annoying ) he told me he wanted to stay with me , didn’t wanna go back to her and will find a way to see his son anyway. He also wants me to meet him but it’s definitely not possible..  She tried to contact me to insult me many times but I never replied . I don’t know how to act as I really love him and feel bad at the same time .  Another thing is that she uses their child to get him back. For eg she decided to accept his visits but ONLY if he stays at her place and sleeps there. She doesn’t want him to take his son anywhere without her . as he refused at first  he couldnt see his kid but last week he finally accepted and stayed 3 nights at her place.. I wasn’t okay with him sleeping there tbh but I let him go with no argument As I want him to be happy and see his child as much as he can. I thought he would at least text during these 4 days but his phone was off most of the time … He only called once for like 20 secs to say he was okay but tbh I really felt like I was the “side chick” and felt rejected . He said he didn’t wanna her to get crazy as she gets mad if he’s on the phone ! Now I am apprehending next time he goes there and think i should talk to him.. What do you think about this ? You said we shouldn’t get involved and let the man handle it but I m not sure he’s actually handling the situation :( Thanks a lot for your reply .
Cassie Hi Cassie!!  I read what you wrote and there is one common denominator in your situation, which is your boyfriend’s “baby mother” has all the the power in your relationship.  First let me make clear that his child’s mother will have an issue with ANY woman he develops a relationship with, so it is not necessarily about YOU!  These are her issues regardless, so you have nothing to feel bad about in regards to you being the reason why he cannot see his child.  Also, yes I always preach to let the man handle any situation between his child’s mother, however your boyfriend, unfortunately, is not handling the situation at all.  The fact that his child’s mother demands he comes over to her place and spend the night to see his child is absurd, and if he were truly handing it then he would say “No” and take other measures to make sure his parental rights are not rejected.  In my opinion, this is the problem with men in situations such as this.  Not enough is done legally to make sure the father’s rights are exercised.  By no means do I think it is an easy task, but also a man should not want to live his life being controlled by a woman who is using their child as bait for attention.  So no I do not believe your boyfriend is really handling the situation.  This is also exemplified by his actions of following through on her demands and going to her place and spending the night.  As you state he spent the night for four days and you spoke with him for 20 minutes; if that does not sound like hog-wash to you, then I don’t know what else to say.  There is absolutely NO excuse that 1) he even thought about disrespecting your relationship by spending the night at another woman’s house, let alone he actually did it; 2) that even after he made the ridiculous decision, he was even more disrespectful by not calling you for more than 20 minutes, and finally 3) that he proved to the mother of his child that she runs him and your relationship by following through on her demands.  My only suggestion to you is to take a good look at the situation at hand and your relationship, to determine if it is what you really want.  I understand your boyfriend may not be talkative, but you better find out what is really going on because it’s time you take control of what YOU want in a relationship and what your boundaries are.  I hope you find this helpful and either way I hope you figure out what is best for YOU!  Thank you for your comment!! My baby mom left me with the kids and ran off with another man now she lives with him and trys to pick up the kids when and how she feels yells at me and won’t try to talk civil and her boyfriend always is with her when she comes around and he always trys to fight even if I don’t say anything he also tells her what to say and do he seam really mean and my kids cry not to go with them when ever she decides to show up their is way more going on thwn this but what should i do in this situation. My baby mom left me with the kids and ran off with another man now she lives with him and trys to pick up the kids when and how she feels yells at me and won’t try to talk civil and her boyfriend always is with her when she comes around and he always trys to fight even if I don’t say anything he also tells her what to say and do he seam really mean and my kids cry not to go with them when ever she decides to show up their is way more going on with this but what should i do in this situation. Hi :) What a great thread… I am finding myself unsure of how deal with a situation with “BM”. I have been dating a man for 4 months. He has a 3 y/o he shares custody with. They seem to co-parent well, although they were also sleeping together casually at the time we met. Our relationship took off fast… they faded out and he solidified “us” to her…. So he and her had an agreement they would introduce a new partner to each other before this new person met the child. He asked this of me roughly around 2 mos. I said sorry- too early (meanwhile BM making passes at him). My stance was that I would like to see everyone making good choices before I got involved (without adding extra drama to the meat of my advice needs they both seem sort of immature in how they hand their relationship- minus the child)… so he has gone back and forth, decided to introduce her anyways- she’s adorable and gets along peculiarly well with my 12 y/o daughter. This has been on only a couple occasions, very light… the he went back to no- you cant be around her to keep the peace with BM. I understood completely and respected why. But now, he’s back to I want you to hang out with us- but the compromise is he is to tell the BM every time the daughter is around me….  So… I just don’t know what to think anymore. I have always kept my dating life private from my daughters father. Its my life, my business. The only partner he met was a man that I was solid with for years and moved in with us.  I think it’s ok for anyone to request this.. but having been a single parent for so many years I don’t think its reasonable. Am I wrong for feeling this way? Should I just take one for the team and meet her??? I honestly just don’t want to; I think it’s too early, and she is hurt and wants him back and I feel she’s trying to control him and who the child meets which I think is unfair to him and his life. I think its not an uncommon issue that they just need to work through in time and isnt my place to get involved with her. What do you think? Any thoughts appreciated :) What can i do about my problem. Never married my man’s bm has been in & out of jail & has an open warrant for her arrest right now for stabbing her current boyfriend. She has no job and is a meth user. My man is the custodial parent. Despite all of this he still drops they’re son off to visit with her and she keeps texting him and tryn to make her presence felt with me. The other day she texted him happy birthday and he said nothing to me about but simply texted her saying only my friends and family can do that making no mention of me his woman. Im at my wits end n would give this worthless chic respect if i thought she deserved it. Im still tryn to wrap my mind around the fact that he is ok leaving the little one with her knowing her circumstances. What do i have to say to make him understand that if he doesnt put his foot down n be firm im leaving him. Please help. Oh! & fyi: she stabbed him too when they were together, prostituded herself, cheated on him several times, got pregnant & had an abortion by another man she cheated with, lied to police saying he pushed her so they would lock him up, abandoned they’re son with different people to go party, & admitted to sleeping with at least four of his friends…do you still think that this moc deserves to make her any kind of priority? In some rare cases i believe that your man should only make the child his first priority not the MOC. If your bm has proven to be unfit, cant provide for the child, using meth, determined to be unfit by the courts & a fugitive wanted by authorities…your 1st priority should be your child and only your child. Anybody with a functioning uterus can make a baby but if you aren’t holding your weight as the childs mother you get no respect & your man shouldn’t have any either. Your not doing your child any favors by exposing him to this type of person. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:  You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Connecting to %s  Notify me of new posts via email.  

    “Dating Do’s, Don’ts & Duh” is an open forum about dating and relationships.  Browse, engage, and enjoy!! ♥ Enter your email address to follow and receive blog alerts.  Join 63 other followers  





 
 Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.  Join 63 other followers    
                  baby daddy is having a new baby with a new baby mamma
     
Why I'm a Proud Teen Mom  
3 Tips for Preparing Your Child For a New Baby  
25 Considerations For Naming Baby  
Pretty Girl Names  
Cool Boy Names  Related Questions & Answers Join Circle of Moms You May Also Like 
        MOST HELPFUL POSTS
       
          5 Comments
          single teenage moms 
        Related Tags
         
              Alisa -  posted on 03/08/2011 
                    (
                  5 moms have responded
                )
           27 38 1 So my daughters father has now gotten another girl pregnant. He isn't really involved in my daughters life that much but yet we are having to go to court over custody. How am I supposed to handle a new girl and a new baby? Do I accept the new baby even though it isn't part of my family? What do I do? I still care about my daughters father but I don't trust him and we most likely won't ever get back together, so how do I handle this? 
              Lisa -  posted on 07/28/2011 
                 6 30 0 You need to be respectful and accept the new baby because #1 nothing was that baby's fault #2 that is your child's sibling. 
              Chelsie -  posted on 03/31/2011 
                 28 17 5 my sons dad has 2 other sons with another woman. at first i was at the same place as you, but i have hung out with her and got to know her and now feel alot better about my son going with them because i know and trust her. we are friends and sometimes hang out with the kids even without their father there. hope this helps. good luck and i hope everything works out!!! 
              Tara -  posted on 01/08/2013 
                 1 0 0 ive been with my boyfriend 6 months.. & im pregnant. we are happy ive known him for longer than we have been dating i know it seems soon. well he has a 6 year old daughter and i dont have any, this is my first. when we first got together i heard about his baby mama bein prego again and that shes sayin its his, however she was married i guess at the time she concieved the baby and he swore he hasnt slept with her since sept. of 2011.. and she had he baby today i guess i got the news. so he should be in the clear right? this man has the nerve to lie to me the whole time we're together for him to write me on fb while hes at work sayin he dont know what to do, the baby kinda looks like him, but he swears on his daughter he dont remember "bein with" her around the time she got pregnant.. how do u not remember? am i an idiot.. saying that her new baby girl looks just like his daughter when she was born. she comes down from GA to FL where we live on the 17th to see her family down here and to get the dna test. how am i suppose to feel? our relationship is amazing and we're happy we're having a child together.. but i cant help but feel he knew it was a possibility all along. 
              Donaji -  posted on 06/30/2012 
                 2 5 0 im the opposite my bf has a 3 yr old son with another girl and him and i have a 10 month old and they have a hate relatioship now for two yrs. when she found out about him and i she threaten him with many things but he brushed it off. he is very involved with his 3 yr old and my son. we have his other son every weekend and any day he asks to see him. i feel like it might be hard for her but i try my best to just be her sons friend. im not trying to be his other mommy. and when it comes down to have anything to do with him i step aside and let them deal with it. i totally respect her even though we dont like each other but i guess you can say we maintain civil for the boys sake. 
              Tiffany -  posted on 02/06/2012 
                 2 0 0 i am going threw the same thing i just had a baby 3 mmonths ago and the girl is due in a few weeks when i was 4 months i was told she was pregnant i cried for days because when i found out i was pregnant he jumped into a relationship with her and he told me to get an abortion. he has a 4 yo daughter already from an ex girlfriend and just started becoming involved with my son...i don't know how to react to this other child as me and the other baby mama get along well...me and baby mama #3 are trying to get along but i don't know how it is going to work out because the first baby mama has told me she wants everything to be about her so i don't know and i feel that he doesn't have that much of a connection with my son and i'm affraid he will stop caring about my son when she has he son....it's hard and i've spent nights thinking and crying....i am so hurt as well after i had my son i felt like i couldn't even be happy because i just want him in my son's life and i feel he won't be for much longer....he never was there my whole WHOLE pregnancy i had a stressful pregnancy and when i was in labor he was away so he wasn't there...so i have hate that he will be here to see his other son born but wasn't here for his 1st son's birth Sign up for Circle of Moms and be a part of this community! Membership is just one click away. Top Communities  Topics Top Features  Learn More   ©2016 POPSUGAR Inc. • Insanely Addictive™  • PopSugar •  PopSugar Living • PopSugar Moms   Mariah Yeater: Justin Bieber's Alleged Baby-Mama (PHOTOS)  Suggested For You FOLLOW CELEBRITY FOLLOW HUFFPOST HUFFPOST NEWSLETTERS GET THE NEWSLETTER YOU MAY LIKE Meet Mariah Yeater.  She's the 20-year-old California woman who claims to have taken 17-year-old Justin Bieber's virginity and given birth to his baby.  Yeater filed a paternity suit against the popstar yesterday, alleging she had sex with Bieber backstage at one of his concerts, and is requesting a paternity test to "scientifically confirm" that he is the father.  According to court papers obtained by RadarOnline, Yeater alleges that she was approached by a security guard after a concert and asked to come back stage. She claims she and Justin moved to an area where they could be alone, at which time his "personality drastically changed." Yeater claims Justin then, "began touching me and repeatedly said he wanted to f**k the sh*t out of me. At the time I asked him to put a condom on for protection, but he insisted that he did not want to ... Justin Bieber then quickly took off my clothes and we had sex. He was on top of me and with my legs around him." The 20-year-old who gave birth to her son, Tristyn Anthony Markhouse Yeater in July, also says in the lawsuit that the sexual encounter only lasted 30 seconds and at that time it was clear to her that Bieber was embarrassed and did not want to exchange phone numbers.  Reps for Bieber told TMZ they hadn't seen the lawsuit but denies Yeater's allegation. Meanwhile, Justin commented on the lawsuit by tweeting: "so Im going to ignore the rumors...and focus on what is real. an opportunity to help by doing what i love. Judge me on the music! Love yall!" PHOTO:
 See photos of Mariah Yeater here.   Jealous of my husband's baby mama Comments (11) Badge nomination  Related Photo Clubs Related Groups Please sign in Get Help Membership & Newsletters BabyCenter Shortcuts BabyCenter Mobile Our U.S. Sites Our International Sites DH and I have been together and married for a year now. Things have been ok. He has a son who's 4 years old who lives two hours away from us and we never see mainly because we have no car right now. We are currently TTC my first (my screen name is the name that I'm going to give my first daughter when she finally comes). My problem is that sometimes I feel insanely jealous of DH's baby mama because she was able to have a kid (who was an oops) by him and I'm having difficulties falling pregnant because of PCOS. I met her once and she's cool and all. I just envy her soooo much. My DH scolds me for feeling this way towards her mainly because they were never serious about each other and her getting pregnant just happened. I'm also scared that since DH already has a kid that he's not trying as hard to get me pregnant because if I end up not having children what's it to him? He already has one. I feel like his BM took away the whole 'his first born' experience from me. On the other hand I absolutely LOVE my stepson. He's so adorable and handsome. He's DH's double and boy is he intelligent. He speaks both English and Spanish fluently. Are these feelings normal? Living w/ PCOS & IR  DD born January 1, 2016 Thank you so much! I've been feeling like this ever since we started TTC and although it's hard I'm going to have to remember that DH made a lifelong committment to me and not her. I'm going to have to just relax about it and stop putting all my energy into being jealous because it's getting me nowhere. Living w/ PCOS & IR  DD born January 1, 2016 OP - I had this thought once of she took that experience away from me but I quickly squashed it. It's a dangerous thought IMO. First because your jealousy will eventually ruin your relationship if the resentment builds. Secondly, because we all had lives before our current relationship. We were someone else's SO. It's just life and there's nothing wrong with it. My DH had a son before with his ex wife. In that first marriage and the first born, he learned how NOT to be a husband, and learned how to be a father. The second time around he's more mature and was AMAZING during my pregnancy. He and his ex wife hate each other because they were both awful to the other. So...he knows now. Just a different way to look at it. The more you live in your head and don't try to enjoy your marriage and the birth of YOUR first child...the more you're going to lose out in the now. And you'll get pregnant with your PCOS. My best friend was on clomid and they were all BFN's. It wasn't until she went to a fertility specialist that she was told that clomid makes your "environment" hostile. You have to have IUI so the sperm actually have a chane to survive. GL. Things are ok? Forgive me if I have you confused with someone else, but didn't you recently post on a different board about some really crazy stuff between you and DH? He cheated or something and you went all crazy on him and took his bus pass and phone and threatened the girl he cheated on you with, saying you were going to kill her among other craziness? You never mentioned he already had a kid. Oh my Lord..... I think feeling jealous of BM is the least of your problems, as that actually seems normal to me. Happy SAH, ERFing Mommy to my Little Buddy ~Layla~    Dream Husband of 11 yrs! Watch out...DS got his Driver's License! 7 y/o brilliant girl  Yes, I still have a farm and ( . Y . ) I believe your feelings are normal. Its tough. My only advice is for you to try and focus on the positive things about your relationship with DH. Everytime you get a negative thought just try to shake it off with a positive one. If you don't find a way to control your feelings now, I'm afraid it might get worse. You'll feel jealous when you're pregnant for the 1st time and DH has BTDT. All these factors, thats why its important you stay positive and remember you are his wife.Â  Another thing, do you have a support system or someone else to vent to other than DH? IDK if I'm right or wrong here but I do know when I was experiencing feelings similar to yours this worked for us. I stopped venting to him. Venting to him only caused my thoughts and feelings to grow as he didn't understand why I was feeling this way and trying to explain for on going periods of time was like opening up that wound over and over again. It was frustrating and caused arguments. Everytime I wanted to say something, I didn't and DH never knew and I had no choice but to move on and talk about something else. It really helped me with my feelings. Â  I think you may want to try seeing a counselor. I saw one when DH & I got serious and it helped me tremendously with my insecurities. It sounds like all of your insecurities are in your head (which doesn't make them less validated; I'm just saying that it doesn't sound like your DH is doing anything to make you feel like he's not TTC). Amy - MRS since 09.09.09 MINE: 01/07; HIS: 08/06; OURS: 05/11  09/12 Good catch, amsowards! I remember this one...a crazy clusterf*** of issues...yikes. DS 2004, DD 2011, 9 angel babies Thank you,Â amsowards, I was thinking the same thing! B (3.07) * A (4.09) * T (5.10) * S (5.12) You should really try to get the car situation under control before having a baby. Just call me Toaster (Old school gone incognito;) Mom to 2 boys & Baby Girl (Nov 2012)! HOW THE FUCK DO YOU ALL THINK YOU GOT BORNED?         ohnotheydidnt  Oh no they didn't!The celebrities are disposable. The gossip is priceless. Oh No They Didn't (ONTD) Log in Celebrity Gossip With Commentary Follow Us What's hot:
         
Cristiano Ronaldo's baby mama regrets giving up custody rights
 Featured Posts Kanye had an epic meltdown backstage at SNL The Flash 2x15 "King Shark" promo Everyone is Thirsty For Sam Hunt After Last Night's Grammys The X-Files 10x06 - 'My Struggle II' - season finale promo David Bowie's Son Shades Lady Gaga's Grammy "Tribute" Top Tags
 THIS SITUATION IS JUST STRANGE AND HAS ME GOING: 20 hours ago | foreverxromance , 358 comments 20 hours ago | rawr_santi , 232 comments 1 day ago | dedebee , 244 comments 1 day ago | affliction , 244 comments 1 day ago | sweeeetnatural , 336 comments  
Cure For The Common Mom
 Thursday, August 4, 2011 Followers Blog Archive About Me 
Boyfriend's Baby Mama - Should You Meet Her?
 3 comments: 
 Great article! I have been trying to figure out the best way to have a respectful adult relationship with the mother of my boyfriend's daughter. Great piece, I just met my boyfriend's baby mama for the first time today, and it was a completely impromptu meeting. I appreciate your advice! This is really an awesome article. I have to meet my boyfriend's child's mother today at a funeral and have been so nervous all day, but this really helped me know what to expect and how to act. Thank you so much! 








      BLOG_CMT_createIframe('https://www.blogger.com/rpc_relay.html');
    

 
  Free Daily Email 

Ten Words Trending Now

 

Alphabetical List

 
Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning!
 Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you.  
        Baby Mama From Hell
     
I Hate Baby Mama Drama
 
I Truely Do Hate Baby Mama Drama
 
He's Still Resentful Towards Her, Should I Be Concerned?
 
5 Years And Counting
 
New Experience
 Your Response 
      More From People Who Hate Baby Mama Drama
     Can relate to your story and hope you pick up my book <br />"She'll always be his baby momma" coming out soon! Support your man ma and dont back down! He needs you to back him up! Keep doing what your doing!  Would love to use your story in my book I am constantly AMAZED at the ridiculous and constant agenda and evolving drama that I witness on a daily basis that my male friend has to deal with regarding his ex-girlfriend who is the "Baby Mama" of his 2 daughters.  I suspect her behaviour is a manifestation of her control issues, as the happines and well being of his children is extremely important to him (as it should be).  Manipulation is a constant theme in these dramas. She thinks she is being clever with her million excuses to try to pry never ending amounts of money not just from him, but also from me.  Anger and temper tantrums are one her modus operendi.  One sneaky little trick is saying she "has to use the bathroom" so she can come into the house and scope out what she wants to "borrow" or outright steal.  I have such empathy for those young girls - to have a constantly angry mother must be a terrifying ordeal. I was like you, but I wanted to be so that I could sit back and observe. There were no family outing though. Your boyfriend was right it does patray a false image, and she does still want him. If he is nice enough to share things with you. You should not have a problem with telling him how it makes you feel uncomfortable when he does this and would he like if you dated other people. Because thats what his childs mother has in her mind when they are together. They are no longer a family. His intrest should be with his child. Also counseling not needed they aren't married thats all her sick solutions to getting him back. Look at it for what it is, them spending some kind of time to gather. She needs the couseling not him. My fiance open up to me and told me about his baby mam I listened to her calls and text messages for a year and a half. I didn't want to meet women in his family that had anything to do with her. I knew it would be drama, I set back and enjoyed myself with may man each day and witness this woman call 3 or 4 times a day. I witness her trying to scam him out of money. Every word that comes out of her mouth is a lie. So what I am getting at is sit back observe and it will  let you know about him and her. If he truthful and fatithful you will know if you want to stay or leave, Just keep watching her in silence trust me you will learn the pattern and you will be two steps ahead of her always. She is always going to use her child as a pawn so your friend might as well get use to it because she wants him. Since I met my fiance child she is not allowed at my house that only for right now it doesn't bother me.  I know it hurts him but, he is dealing with it and he's going to come out on top. He has a strong women behind him. You have to be strong as well. Make sure you are doing it for the right reasons, and give hime pointers also let him know what you will stand and what you will not. Gain your respect from him. well girl i have been there and back again for a 3 time it crazy deal with the babymama drama becaues my boyfriend has 3 babymama it crazy i get  alone with one of his babymama but the other 2 hell no. that y i just let him deal with that. and girl u can  get throw this k. 
Full Site
  
Don’t Call Me a Baby Mama — Them’s Fightin’ Words
 Related Articles Piping Hot Comment Overload Around the Web Top Parenting Stories Parenting Topics Top Lifestyle Stories Lifestyle Topics Top Entertainment Stories Entertainment Topics Top In the News Stories In the News Topics For a handful of reasons — because I’m a black woman, because I’m a journalist, because I was born short and stout with a bad overbite — I’ve been on the receiving end of some pretty ugly name-calling over the years. Everything from an n-word to a b-word to a no-talent douchebag to a bucktoothed hippo (it’s okay, you can laugh).  But if you really want to push my buttons, call me a baby mama. It’s tacky. It’s weighted with prejudice, and it has all kinds of disdain attached to it. And at the very friggin’ base of it all, it’s grammatically incorrect. Shoot, at least call me a ‘baby’s mother.’ If you want to get really technical, every woman who ever birthed a child would fall under that category. It’s just some of us are going through the hellfires of single parenthood while we’re raising our tots. Like bling-bling, haters, and gettin’ jiggy, baby mama is an African-Americanism, yet another fine product born from the hip-hop vernacular that the mainstream picked up on and beat to death. Around our way, some 70 percent of households are being headed by single parents, most of them women. Mine is one in that hefty majority.   I generally hate when people inject stodgy dictionary entries when they’re trying to make a point in speeches and sermons and articles, but I have to share what the Oxford-English Dictionary says a baby mama actually is: “the mother of a man's child, who is not his wife or (in most cases) his current or exclusive partner.” Well damn. Not only are we unfortunately single mothers, we’re basically — by that definition, anyway — either pretty desperate, pretty stupid, or pretty complacent. Maybe all three. I mean, wouldn’t a woman have to be to bear a child in a non-committed relationship? That’s just what that excerpt above suggests. And even if you’re not an avid follower of the OED, it’s what the term ‘baby mama’ implies whenever someone says it: another single chick foolish enough to have procreated with a man who didn’t think she was worth committing to. If you’re married and have a baby, you’re a wife. If you’re divorced and had a baby, you’re an ex-wife or, at the very least, ‘the mother of so-and-so’s children.’ But if you're a single female parent, you’re that dreaded two-word combo.  I’ll admit there was a time when I was head over heels about my daughter’s father and would’ve done anything for that fool — heck, I look at my grades from my sophomore and junior years in college now and could gouge my own eyes out for not doing better academically because I was so worried about maintaining our relationship amorously. Even when I found out I was pregnant, I didn’t really sweat it because I had starry-eyed dreams of us getting hitched and heading up a little, happy family once we graduated and moved on into the real world. But things didn’t work out the way I intended (thank God for intervening!) and ... well, you know the rest. The 'baby mama' label doesn’t take any of that background into account. It doesn’t give any single mother’s story validity or credit, as a matter of fact. It just dumps a whole heap of asinine assumptions about a woman into her lap and lets society at large basically poke fun and pass judgment about her failed romance or precarious situation or fleeting moment of bad decision-making, no matter how much she loves the child it produced. Oooh baby mama. Couldn’t get him to marry you, huh? Actually y’all, I’m pretty glad he didn’t.   I may have had a baby with a guy named James. I am proud to be Skylar's mother. But I’m darn sure not anybody’s baby mama.  Is there a label or term that you, as a woman or a mother, just cannot stand? That just grinds your gears whenever you hear it?     Image via .A.A./Flickr 

family,
tweens,
motherhood
 Get all the latest from the stir directly to your inbox Part of the CafeMedia family ©2016 CMI Marketing Inc. All rights reserved.   Shop Twinning Tee Mum Black Twinning Tee Mum Camo Twinning Tee Mum White Twinning Tee’s 0-2yrs Camo Twinning Tee’s 0-5yrs Black Twinning Tee’s 0-5yrs White Connect With Us 
   
 Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates.  Rapper Gucci Mane Strikes Custody Deal with Baby Mama 
Rapper Gucci Mane
Strikes Custody Deal
With Baby Mama
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS Problem Child You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          12/11/2011 8:00 AM PST BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  Tom Brady’s Baby Mama Bridget Moynahan Struggles With Being A Single Mother, Will Never Talk Yang Yang About Giselle Comments Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Find us on YouTube Trending Search Keywords:
					
 Celebrities Topics Celebrities News Exclusives Videos Photos Info Topic Results We Broke It Here First!
Dirty Dog Diaries
Jesus Take The Wheel
New Couple???
Put on Blast
Race Matters
 2015 Bossip Awards: Couples Who Won’t Be Around Next Year [Video] 2015 Bossip Awards: STFU Category… Featuring Raven Symone, Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Meek Mill And More! 2015 Bossip Awards: Who Wins The Dirty Dog Of The Year Honors? [Video] Alano Miller & Renwick Scott Explain Color Issues In The South And Talk Characters On “Underground” [Video] Exclusive Beef Explained: Jennifer Williams Breaks Down The Problem With Claudia Jordan On “Next 15” (Don’t Be Scared) [Video] #LHHATL Exclusive: Erica Dixon Talks Restraining Order Against No-Child Support Paying Little Scrappy [Video] End Of Days: Creepy Preacher Talks New Money, Little Girl Receiving His Gifts, And Sings “How Dumb Thou Are!” [Video] Pastor Manning On Black Lives Matter Suicide “It Is A Demon Inspired Org” [Video] Brotherman’s Girlfriend Is Angry He Spent $5000 On Suicide Doors For The Cadillac [Video] Jason Derulo Drops Music Video Starring K. Michelle “Naked” [Video] VV Brown Drops Whiteface Music Video “Sacrifice” And Loses White Fans.. [Video] For Valentines Day: Meelah “Stupid In Love” [Video] Exclusive Shots Fired: Real Housewives Of Potomac’s Karen Throws Shade At Gizelle [Video] Exclusive: Stevie J Gives DBS The Real On Threesome With Mimi Faust & Joseline Hernandez [Video] DBS Exclusive: ‘Growing Up Hip Hop’ Cast Talk Peen Picks, Yo Gotti Sliding In Angela Simmons’ DM’s, And More [Video] If You Missed It Last Night… Here’s Why You Need To Watch The PBS Black Panther Party Documentary Film [Video] #LHHNY’s Amina Buddafly Talks Peter Gunz “I Never Took Him Back After Impregnating Tara” [Video] Wendy Williams’ Hot Topics Grammy Recap: Says Rihanna Pulled Out Because She’s Scared Of Beyonce! [Video]  At least she’s positive about the situation: These days, Bridget Moynahan has gone from front-page scandal fodder to silver screen star.  The model-turned-actress, 39, famously discovered she was three months pregnant after she and then-boyfriend, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, called off their three-year romance in 2007.  Brady, who moved on from Moynahan to supermodel Gisele Bundchen, was already a couple months into his new relationship when the actress made her shocking announcement. The ensuing tabloid war had headlines like “Oh, no! I’m knocked up, we’ve split up and this is my rival!” splashed across the front pages of the Daily News, and the two runway beauties were pitted against each other in the media.  Even so, however, the “Blue Bloods” actress tells More magazine that she refuses to speak out about the scandal that colored tabloid pages a thousand times over. “I’m raising a child, and it’s public. The media creates these dramas, and that’s not what’s happening in my life,” she said.  Moynahan has kept her tone light during moments of public drama, remaining relatively mum following Bundchen’s comments in Vanity Fair, and after the arrival of Bundchen and Brady’s own bundle of joy in 2009, merely saying that she “wished them well.”  John Edward Thomas, her young son, is the light of her life, Moynahan says, and notes firmly that “there’s not a second that I regret having a child on my own.” The actress, who stars opposite Tom Selleck and Donnie Wahlberg in the new CBS cop series, is very focused on her son, according to her costars.  “She’s inspiring. She talks about her son all day,” Wahlberg, who is also a single parent, said. “She doesn’t bad-mouth Tom to me, and I certainly wouldn’t bad-mouth my ex to her. Sometimes it’s just sharing pictures of our kids and a joke. She’s very funny.”  But though she is grateful for her son, Moynahan still struggles with the difficulties of her blended family. “I don’t think any girl grows up dreaming of being a single mom,” she said. “It’s a challenge. Here is the most valuable part of your life, your child, and you have to learn to let go and hand him over to the person that you couldn’t communicate enough with to have a relationship.” Good for her… Source uhhhhh ok I support Inter/racial relationships! I believe love has no color! ___________blackwhitedate.c-/0m ____________ This club is for those of us that don’t discriminate! This is to all my people who don’t care about somebody’s ethnic background, just how they are on the inside. If you want to find a sincere Inter/racial relationship. If you are serious. Come and join us!  NICE NEWS !
My friend Vanessa, a 25 yrs lady, has announced her wedding with a m’illionaire young man Ronald who is the CEO of a MNC. It’s amazing, she said she just posted her profile on a m’illionaire d’ating s’ite called ———-RichMatchmaker. ℃○M——– – and received his chat invitations a few days later. Then, everything went so well that I can’t believe it’s true! Every love story will unfold on it’s own..——-Woodward and both were married to and had 3 children with the same man Paul Newman though he & Joannne nearly had 4 but sadly she miscarried their first. thankfully bridget or Giselle have never had to experience that as it would get all kinds of media coverage now a days where in the old days it as covered up for decades Who the hell cares? -_->zzzzzzZZzzz THAT’S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU TRY TO TRAP A MAN INTO  MARRIAGE BY GETTING KNOCKED UP ON PURPOSE, SHE BROUGHT THAT ON HERSELF. HOW COULD YOU SAY SOMETHING LIKE THAT WHEN YOU DON’T KNOW THE FACTS!! That is a fact that’s why Tom left her, she was ready for marriage he wasn’t. She got pregnant on purpose and he wasn’t ready. He takes care of his kid but he doesn’t have anything to do with her. take note black girls. this lady is a MOM not a  baby mama like yall. she is taking care of her kid and has a career. she is not bad-mouthing brady and being respectful of her child as he grows. all you black women on here should learn from this chic. instead of using your child as a f*c*ing ATM card. cosign lol Yeah…all white women are picture perfect moms and all black women are baby mamma drama. If you have a point to make it gets ignored when you make ignorant generalizations.  Fall back or grow up. Im sure she gets plenty in child support.  And im sure he didnt have a problem with helping to take care of his child unlike some people.  Child support orders wouldn’t exist if people stepped up and took care of their responsibilities. I’m co-signing too! how bout you need to not group all blacks women together….smdh…you sound really stupid….now co sign that….dummy…. What’s the point of her bad mouthing, it won’t solve anything.  There is a time when you  just have to move forward.  Just when you think you can’t move forward, you realize tomorrow is a new day…everything will work out and you have a beautiful child to enjoy it with. Bridget is Smart for not saying anything bad about Giselle even though she may want to. that’s like Jacqueline Witt has never said anything bad about Joanne Woodward and both were married to and had 3 children with the same man Paul Newman though he & Joannne nearly had 4 but sadly she miscarried their first. thankfully bridget or Giselle have never had to experience that as it would get all kinds of media coverage now a days where in the old days it as covered up for decades omg shes gorgeous!  looks way better than that horse face man body giselle! Smh Life is full of obstacles, with Tom supporting her I’m sure that she’ll be fine.  About This Blog Recent Posts Archives Feed The first years of motherhood are the most educational years of your life.  Abby Rodgers shares the highs, the lows, the love and complete shock of being a new mom.  She'll write what she has learned and also seek advice from you about things she has yet to figure out.  Abby keeps it real with a little humor and a lot of love.   Subscribe to the Baby Love Feed » 
Home | Calendar | Guides & Directories | Ages & Stages | Parents' Place | Healthy Family | Contests & Giveaways | Community Corner  
Contact Us | Our Staff | About Us | Advertising | Archive | Find a Copy | Writer Bios  Copyright 2016 Tulsa Kids. All rights reserved.   Gilbert Arenas Talks About His "Bum" Of A Baby Mama And Dead Pet Sharks You may also like Recent from Brian Hickey Why You Should Care About Apple’s Fight With the FBI Everything That Was Too Expensive to Include in Deadpool The Anti-Piracy Tech That&apos;s Giving Hackers Fits Woman Loses Arm In Hit-And-Run, Police Need Help IDing The Vehicle Help Catch A Hit-And-Run Driver Who Killed A Teacher Near Seattle For Those Who&apos;ve Eaten Lightning And Crapped Tuesday Night Thunder 


                NBA Player Served With Child Support Papers At Halftime Of A Game
            



                NBA Player Served With Child Support Papers At Halftime Of A Game
            



                NBA Player Served With Child Support Papers At Hal
            

  
In the wake of getting served with child-support papers at halftime of a Magic/Wizards game, Gilbert Arenas is rather perturbed about his baby mama Laura Govan's approach to public shaming. So says a source in the D.C. media, who was kind enough to share straight-from-the-mouth-of-Arenas thoughts on Govan — sister of "Basketball Wife" Gloria Govan — with us. 
Because no one reads the newspaper, and SportsCenter's anchors are too perky for this early in …

                Read more Read more

 It boils down to his distaste for continually being characterized as a deadbeat dad, which he says he most certainly is not. Before getting into the "he said" part of this whole drama, let's hear how someone close to the on-again, off-again couple explained their breakup: On Nov. 20, Laura kicked Gilbert out of the house because Gilbert did not adequately ask how her day went. This was taken to mean he was more concerned about work than family. Her: I'll go to police if you don't do as I say. This was a tricky proposition considering the ongoing probation from the gun (in the locker room) charge. She allegedly said, "If you try and pick up the kids at school, I will tell them you weren't authorized to do so and that's going to be a violation of your probation." After a road trip, he moved in with Wizards teammate Nick Young, but says he stayed in constant contact with one of Laura's younger brothers (who, as it happens, Laura also kicked out the house). When he learned he'd been traded, he let little bro know. Even though he wanted to see the kids, there was no reason to say goodbye to baby mama. Baby mama stayed in touch with him indirectly, though. As in, she called Magic GM Otis Smith and told him, "If he doesn't abide by my demands, I will ruin this new start for him." Demands to the tune of $1.3 million a year, the kind of stuff financial advisor Lester Knispel wasn't having. Says Gilbert, "Well, I don't want to get into all the he-said, she-said stuff. Whoever the source is, they're pretty accurate on the things they are saying. ... You have enough money to get a publicist, but there's no money for the kids to eat? She's watching too much Basketball Wives." Context in place, here's what Gilbert Arenas had to say about... Advertisement  • The notion that Ms. Govan's been financially frozen out. "She's like that bum on the street asking for money, but if you follow that bum home, you discover he's got five cars and a mansion. She gets 20 grand a month. She got $8,000 allowance. We both did. ... You're pretending your living a bad life, but the facts really are: you get 20 grand a month and you live in a three-bedroom townhouse in San Ramon, Calif." • The fact that his sharks — of the $5,000 monthly care fee — are no longer of this world. Sponsored  "One thing I can comment on is the sharks. My sharks are dead. Yes, somehow, pennies ended up in the tank. I was told the copper distresses them. I'm not going to say it was her, I'm just saying they didn't make it." • On being painted as a deadbeat dad. "All I hear is, ‘I left the kids.' She won't let the kids see me. All I hear is, ‘Gilbert took everything.' Sure I did. She took a SL600. She took the Range Rover, which I don't mind because she has to drive the kids around. Oh, all my furniture and all my clothes, about $4 million worth of stuff? Gone. And she says she's living in some cheap hotel? Now, I don't know how all of that is going to fit into the LA Quinta Inn — unless you bought the damn hotel." "Sure, I'm a deadbeat daddy. I get it. I'm the best daddy in the world until I didn't want to be with you. And then I'm a deadbeat daddy. I think she did this the last time we broke up." "Look, you have your lawyer. I have my lawyer. Let's do it that way." In the issue of fairness, here's a link to S2S Magazine's "Laura Govan breaks her silence" article from November. Her publicist has now taken to emailing press releases about the whole mess, too. Gilbert Arenas, Laura Govan star in Basketball Wives of the Orlando Magic [Orlando Sentinel] Read This: Gilbert Arenas served with papers by ex-fiancee Laura Govan at Miami-Orlando halftime [Washington Post] Advertisement  Gilbert Arenas Baby Mama's Vengeful Move to Recover Child Support [Black Voices]  Signs That You’ve Crossed Into The Baby Mama Drama Zone Popular Stories MadameNoire Video Despite the stereotypes, baby mamas do not solely represent the uneducated and emotionally disturbed sector of the gender. That stereotype is aided by the tenuous relationships between baby mamas and baby daddy. Things are naturally primal where our children are concerned and at times, your relationship with your baby’s daddy can reach the surreal. Before you know it, you’ve unwittingly slipped into a black and white Twilight Zone episode we like to call: the baby mama dramazone. Is it a drug? Is it a place? Hard to say. But it sure isn’t easy to avoid.  In part, it’s hard wired into who you are as a nurturer, a giver and a woman. Mix in a little ego, where no man is going to get the best of you and walk away like it’s nothing–well, let’s just say things can pop off like lightning. In the end, allowing any bit of drama in your world is wrong because it has nothing to do with what truly matters: the well being of your children. Besides, what you really want is for the situation between you and the father of your child to be better. A dose of dramazone isn’t going to help. Before you wake up in a nonsense world where Beyonce is ugly and you and your baby daddy cause each other agony at the child’s expense, take a a good look around for these tale tell signs that you have crossed into the baby mama dramazone.  Your Ego is Front and Center
 It stings pretty bad when you have a man’s child and you’re still not good enough to be his wife. Your ego takes a blow and wants to lash out in defense. Only, there’s a good chance your children will get caught in the cross fire. Your ego may even carry that resentment on to your next relationship or worse, dilute your self-worth by making you feel you’re not good enough. Your baby daddy’s unwillingness to be a good father or husband is about how crappy a person he is and has nothing to do with you. Leave your ego out of it, otherwise you could end up in the baby mama drama zone. Yeeesssss MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2016 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural  10 Signs You’re On Your Way to Becoming a Baby Mama Popular Stories MadameNoire Video  More black women in this country are baby-mamas than they are wives. Some even have multiple children with multiple men. Indeed there are several who qualify as hoodrats—of which such outcomes are expected. However, many are quite the opposite—educated, successful, selective. Certainly no one would classify Nia Long as a rat; yet, she has birthed two children out-of-wedlock. 73 percent of black children enter this world at a disadvantage—they are more likely to live in poverty, and more vulnerable to a life in the animal house called prison. Why? We have grown callous to subliminal media influences and fallen victim to false truths and our own naiveté. You see it’s not necessarily the type of man you date that makes you susceptible; it is the defects in your approach to life and romantic relationships. Here is a list of some of the wrong-thinking that can place you in the position to do it all, alone:  Interesting theories given from a woman’s point of view about how men think…interesting I have a lot of friends who are baby manaas some doing good some doing bad & I’m still on the road to success & I just completed my first of  college that saying Birds of a feather flock together is not entirely true.  Yet.. Pingback: 10 Signs you’re on your way to becoming a baby mama | YNaija() After reading all these comments,  instead of finding who to blame how about we work on a solution?  What needs to happen is the implementation of these “signs”. How do we do that? Can you please make Billboards! Lol. It’s so true though, “Talkin” is not being together and anyone who wanted to spend time with you that night would have also spent time with you in the daylight too. I hate to think about the low self esteem these young women have but I hate to think even more about the generation of children they are raising and the future effects of this generation without dads.  Pingback: msn emoticons() Pingback: Sex, Drugs, Lies, & Motherhood » 10 Signs You’re On Your Way to Becoming a Baby Mama() Wow. Apparently this is an oldie but defnitely a goodie. Far be it from me to label a child as a mistake. The mistake is getting pregnant and you aren’t ready to be a family, provide that child with a stable homelife and give that child its BEST chance. I get so tired of grown folks still acting like this still “just happens”. There is no excuse for unplanned pregnancies. It takes “two to Tango” but we dismiss coparenting! #36&singleraisinganrresponsiblesomebodieschild The reason why most black women are “baby mamas” is because their father is not in their lives.  whether or not you want to believe it, it always goes back to the man at the end of the day. If a little girl  has no daddy or father in her life, how in the hell is she suppose to know how a man is suppose to treat a woman.  If she has no man to be a father figure and tell what to look out for, why does she get blamed for that.  It’s her mom and dads fault.  It will all be a cycle.  We blacks often talk about whats going on in our communities but we don’t do nothing about it.  It you can’t take out time to mentor young girls and boys about life and education then shut the hell up!!! At some point, grown women have to stop blaming their childhoods for their mistakes. Assuming that the lack of a father is what leads these women to bad relationships completely ignores the fact that the parental relationship (or lack thereof) is not the only relationship that these women are exposed to. It also ignores all the women (like myself) that grew up without a father and did not end up pregnant (or even with a scare), and it ignores the women with fathers in their homes that have ended up pregnant. Not having a father in the home is a risk factor for being an unwed mother, but it is not causal. And not to be rude, but it serves no purpose to attempt to educate people if you’re going to spread false information, which is what you did above. If you don’t know the facts, it’s much better that you not speak at all. I think the best thing for a woman to do is to find a man that has a good relationship with HIS father. Everyone thinks its the relationship with his mother, but that couldn’t be further from the truth. Grown women go back to childhood and they go to what feels familiar to them even if it’s not good for them. Just like an alcoholic will usually fnd another alcoholic to be in love with. OR if you saw your mom get her butt beat ever day by your dad you may stragely end up with someone just like that.  It’s just mind damage and people are not going to realize that unless they have therapy to deal with their childhood issues. Grown women  are still little girls inside and want to be loved.Loving the inner child is important nurturing and caring for the inner child. A father is important but too many black men complaiin about the Queen they already have and that does mind damage to their little girls even if they are in their lives. You must love and serve the Queen, but if you did not grow up with a good father who was around that is ok if you had a great mother who was both mother and father. I agree with you, and I don’t think most women want to be baby mamma. Not one woman that is a baby mamma would say NO if that man asked her for her hand in marriage. NO woman would turn that down. In our communities we are taught that we shouldn’t expect marriage and that Mariage is an unrealistic expectation for a black woman. Black men act like they don’t want t be married and some even act like we are just lucky to be blessed to have sex with them. And so women worship these same men who ain’t crap! and that can be why you see so many black women fighting over one black man. He will make the excuse that he loves his baby mamma no.1. and that baby mamma no 2. causes too much drama. It’s really strange how we are taught in our society to view marriage and I agree with you it is a cycle. We do often talk about whats going on in our communities and you even hear baby daddies talk like they are so all the sudden educated about the problems and epidemics in the black community it makes you want to slap their fake faces. THe man is the leader of the  home. But black men are not geared into thinking that way. It’s all about being a man so thy make a baby to prove they are a man. And the women make a baby to prove thy are a woman. But you can’t tell them that.Believe me I have been through it and met with hypocrisy. I just wanted to point out that this article is not all that true, some women really do want the ring and all they get it and then get dissappointed and they end up being baby mammas because like me they have made bad judgement. But we live and learn. Interesting article but none of these really describe the women i know who have had children with multiple men…I know of a few that are smart and educated, knew exactly that they wanted to have children with a family but just met the wrong man that could not commit, or are too intimidated by the modern woman to be honest enough about their goals..these women have decided to go it alone, raise their children because they have sufficient financial resources and join the ranks of “single parent by choice”. So, this article is clearly geared towards a particular type of woman but does not represent all. [Interesting article but none of these really describe the women i know who have had children with multiple men…I know of a few that are smart and educated, knew exactly that they wanted to have children with a family but just met the wrong man that could not commit, or are too intimidated by the modern woman to be honest enough about their goals] Which brings back to the signs “dating a man who acts if-y”, “don’t mind being a jumpoff” AND “using the pull out method as contraception”.
The women that you knew may be educated wise but they weren’t smart enough to leave a man who won’t commit. That means they didn’t have respect for themselves to move on to find someone else who will give them the respect they deserve and allow themselves to be strung along and become jumpoffs. To make it worst they didn’t protect themselves and got pregnant…..again and again! The women that you know (or your friends) belong in that category. Stop making excuses for their stupid decisions. Well to be honest sweet desire you do not know every situation. My situation was far more complex than “commitment” issues. Not all women who are single moms are what you describe. My childs father and I were very commited living together married he discovered he was gay many years later after we had our daughter. He has scizophrenia commited a crime and got locked up too.So I was a single mom for years after I found that out about him. Believe me he tried to make it work, get therapy but it did not work. We tried but it was complicated. My son father lied about being married and had cheated on his wife for several years I was totally unaware that they were still married. Now I am in a healthy relationship working toward, marriage with a great guy.  This should be required reading for all girls/women. Can’t believe some women actually fall for some of the crap you describe here. (“If-y?” Guys are not iffy about anything; we want to get laid. Period. If there’s anything else to our relationships with you, you’ll know it. If it seems “iffy” at all, there’s nothing else to it and you’re being used.)  I think you could make one point more blatantly clear (although you did touch on it). You won’t end up a “baby-mama” (I prefer “unwed mother” or “mother of a bastard”) if you don’t sleep around. Abstinence is a 100% guaranteed effective form of birth control. If you absolutely have to give it up, go buy a toy and get some counseling.  Tubligation is a good option. It can be reversed at a later time if more children are desired.
It’s just a day surgery-nothing to it and 100 percent effective. Vasectomies for men were once
touted for world population control, but don’t hear much about it these days. Good protection for men if a woman gets with child and claims you’re the dad. The doctor’s medical papers can back up you are NOT the father. These two ways are safe and effective. The vasectomy for a man is done in the doctor’s office, very simple. It can also be reversed if more children are wanted later. And is also not 100% effective. Sometimes, they don’t work. Granted, that is rare, but NOTHING is impossible. Except for slamming a revolving door. That’s impossible. MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2016 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural  Baller Alert.com You're The Girlfriend, I'm The Baby Mama, Know Your Place Ballerific Events BallerBoards Latest Activity You need to be a member of Baller Alert.com to add comments! Miami - Angela Simmons Angela I Am South Beach Weekend @ South Beach 2/19 - 2/21 Nashville - Tenth Annual Black Affair Celebrating the Birthday of Robert "Black Rob" Higgins @ Marathon Music Works 2/19 Harrisburg, PA - Young Jeezy & Friends Live in Concert @ Holiday Inn East Resort 2/19 - 2/21 Miami - Angela Simmons Hosts Angela I AM South Beach Weekend @ Studio 23 2/19 St. Louis - State of Emergency 3 Starring Lil Wayne, Yo Gotti, 2 Chainz, Lil St. Louis & LA4SS @Chaifetz Arena 2/21 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 Charlotte - Rick Ross & DJ Envy Tourney Takeover @ The Harvey B. Gantt Center 2/26 Charlotte - Young Dolph, DJ Drama & Kenny Burns Host Ruth's Chris 8th Annual Day Party @ Ruth's Chris Steak House 2/27 Connecticut - Bryson Tiller Trapsoul Tour @ Oakdale Theatre 2/27 Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 
The Game Offers To Invest $10 Million In Kanye West
 
Original 'Good Times' Cast Starts Campaign for a Film
 
Spanish Civil Servant Who Skipped Work For 6 Years Still Got Paid
 
Chris Rock Dating Actress Megalyn Echikunwoke
 Kimora Lee Simmons' Husband  Involved In Overseas Bank Scandal Kimora Lee Simmons' Husband  Involved In Overseas Bank Scandal Nike Terminates Their Contract With Manny Pacquiao Kanye West Humbles Up TMZ Reports: Rihanna Had A Meltdown During Grammy Rehearsals Nike Terminates Their Contract With Manny Pacquiao Kanye West Humbles Up TMZ Reports: Rihanna Had A Meltdown During Grammy Rehearsals Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 The Game Offers To Invest $10 Million In Kanye West Original 'Good Times' Cast Starts Campaign for a Film Spanish Civil Servant Who Skipped Work For 6 Years Still Got Paid Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use Baller Alert.com.  For Women Who Want The Ballerific Life!  The girlfriend of a man with a child is a very awkward role. I decided to write this blog because I don't think that it should be. I believe everyone should know their position and as long as you do, lines don't get crossed and toes don't get stepped on.   Allow me to let you into my life for a second. I'm a mother, a baby mama if you will. I was with my baby daddy for close to 5 years before I got tired of his sh-t and gave him the boot. It was mainly because he couldn't stay out of jail long enough to be anything in life. I had goals and he had a record, we could never really be. After we broke up he got with a girl who had 2 kids of her own. She was kind of a welfare broad, section 8, food stamps the whole 9. He stuck around to take care of her kids and when it came to his, not so much. During the time they were together he was still in and out of jail. While he was out, I'd let our son visit until his girlfriend pissed me off one day. My son would always complain about going over to their house because the other kids were bad and every time they did something bad, he'd get in trouble with them. But still, I'd make him go because that's his dad. One day I sent my son over and he was really sad. I told him that if he wanted to come home to call me and I'd come get him. Come to find while my baby daddy wasn't my son decided he was ready to go home. He wanted to call me but my ex's new girl decided she wasn't going to let him call. Uh Oh, that will NOT work!   This is where the girlfriend stepped out of line. If a child wants to contact his mother under no circumstances do I believe you should step in between that. I don't believe it is a girlfriend's job to discipline a child nor their job to do what's best for a child. You don't raise them so that's not your duty. Should she have let my son call me? Absolutely. You're only going to cause drama but not letting him do so. In my opinion she shouldn't have been left alone with my son in the first place but that's a story for a different day.    And now for another story.. So less than a year passes by and baby daddy has moved on to yet another girl (maybe more than that, I have no clue). This girl seems sweet enough, but she's really trying hard to make ultra nice with me. I guess maybe she thinks that will put her in his good graces, I'm not sure, really don't care much. The baby daddy, like clockwork, finds himself in jail again. This time it's looking like it may be for a long time. He calls me looking for sympathy and asking if I'll let our son go visit him every now and then. I've already expressed to him in the past that I don't want my son visiting his dad behind bars. That's not the kind of life I want him to be about. He's a good kid and should stay that way. Against my better judgement however, he asks if my son can visit and I say okay. Not even 15 minutes later his girlfriend texts me (I'm not sure how she got my number). She says that she will be visiting him the following day and asks if she can take my son along. Now any ol' body would probably say "sure, why not" but I'm not just anybody. The last thing I want to do is send my child with any girl that I don't even know. Do I think she's a nice girl? Sure. Do I know her? Nope! So it's not happening. She kept pushing for it and pushing for it. I know she means well but her loyalty doesn't lie with me, it's with him and I refuse to turn my child over to a stranger. Nor do I want him to witness his dad with a new girl every week because otherwise how will he learn to respect women when his own dad can't. Most may say I overeacted but I don't believe so. I told her that my son will go with his grandmother. She proceeds to say "I'll call her and see when she's going"   Now, I understand you're smitten for the goon, I understand the feeling, it was me at one point but don't get beside yourself and over your head. My child is still MY child and a mother would never turn her kid over to some woman she's only seen once. I understand she wants to impress him by seeming like she's a down chick and willing to do whatever for him, but she has to remember that she must also know her place. She can't try to play step mom role this early in the game. Fact is, if she even lasts until next year she better believe there are other chicks on the side. Trust me, I've been there. But one thing she will not do is try to use MY son as some kind of "trust" tool. Not on my watch! 
Views: 11323 Tags: Share !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");

Tweet




Facebook





 uh oh I'm a single girl with no children of my own, I have dated and been in long term relationships with a man with a child. I don't think your being unreasonable.....I personally thing that unless this girlfriend is about to be a wife, they should take a more laid back position when it come to the bf's child. I always think of how I would react as a parent and act accordingly I agree @ Denise, unless you're married you shouldn't interfere too much in matters having to do with the child. Problem is, I don't think many women think about how they'd react as a mother lol It's a fine line to be played...On one hand you can't allow the child to be disrespectful. Because ladies I've seen how you directly impact the child and its not all positive.  Especially if the child is older they tend to be more combative towards the new mate.  But then as a parent you have to have faith in the childs father/mother that they wont put any old body in front of your child.  Thats what I had to explain to my daughters mom.  I agree.  It sounds like BD was trying to use his son to make this girl think she was special.  I mean really.........if grandma is going, what was the purpose of giving this girl your number in the first place?? @blackfu i don't really trust my baby daddy as far as i can throw him. he uses these girls to get what he wants. do i think he'll bring harm to his child? Never...at least intentionally. but he's a dummy.   @Smitty exactly! i think you're right. he wants to make her feel special by making her think she's got some grand duty. she wants to prove herself by trying to handle this huge duty. not with my child though lol grandma is going and thats who my child can go with. @Spice    and keep in mind that she contacted her via TEXT...lol   @eleven  you should have sent her a text back that said ..."B***H, GTFOHWTBS!" LOL see, and here I thought I was being the typical baby mama dramatic...I know her attentions were good (maybe) but she's out her rabbit ass mind if she thought that I was gonna let that fly! @eleven...see i dont trust my daughters moms as far as I can toss em either.  But do I think they would hurt them hell no.  I think thats the fine line I was talking about.  Our disdain for them somewhat bleeds over to the "would they hurt my kids section".  As far as taking a little one to a prison hell thats a tough pill right there.  As a father I would hate for my daughters to get that image of me behind bars in their heads.  When I got my contempt charge and had to do a small stint in county I instructed everyone not to write me/see me/ hell dont do anything. Tell my girls daddy is away for work.  I had written several fake letters for them to read during the week as well. Comment Join Baller Alert.com 
RSS
 Welcome toBaller Alert.com Sign Upor Sign In Or sign in with:  
February 19, 2016 to February 21, 2016 – South Beach  
February 19, 2016 at 9pm to February 20, 2016 at 3am – Marathon Music Works  
February 19, 2016 at 10pm to February 21, 2016 at 8pm – Holiday Inn East Resort  
February 19, 2016 at 11pm to February 20, 2016 at 5am – Studio 23  
February 21, 2016 at 7pm to February 22, 2016 at 12am – Chaifetz Arena  
February 26, 2016 at 9pm to February 27, 2016 at 3am – Grady Cole Center  
February 26, 2016 at 10pm to February 27, 2016 at 2:30am – Harvey B. Gantt Center  
February 27, 2016 from 1pm to 8pm – Ruth's Chris Steak House  
February 27, 2016 at 8pm to February 28, 2016 at 12am – Oakdale Theatre  
March 12, 2016 from 11:30am to 4pm – South Beach Lady (boards at Sea Isle Marina, Pier 5)   
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 5 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 #KanyeWest may have asked #Facebook co-founder #MarkZuckerberg to invest $1 billion into "Kanye West ideas," but it's another rapper who is offering to help Yeezy out during his $53 million financial…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 6 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 The #1970s classic, #GoodTimes, could possibly coming to a theater near you. The original cast has teamed up with #Kickstarter for a campaign to raise $1 million for the film. BerNadette Stanis,…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 6 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 A court has ruled that a Spanish civil servant must pay back 27,000 Euros (US $30,000) in wages after it was discovered that he didn't show up to work for "at least six years" and had done…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 18 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 #ChrisRock, 51, is reportedly dating actress Megalyn Echikunwoke, 32, according to a source allegedly close to the comedian that confirmed the news to Page Six.Echikunwoke has appeared in "CSI:…Continue  
    © 2016               Created by Baller Alert.             
    Powered by
 
Badges  | 
                        Report an Issue  | 
                        Terms of Service
 Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.  help baby mama wont let father see baby 
		
		 
		 

			Similar Threads
 This is a discussion on help baby mama wont let father see baby within the Child Custody & Support forum, part of the FAMILY LAW, DIVORCE, CUSTODY category; My boyfriends baby mama will not let him see his daughter what so ever... we were together before the baby ...  Eric Williams of Basketball Wives Speaks About His Baby Mama Drama You may also like Popular from Gawker Why You Should Care About Apple’s Fight With the FBI Everything That Was Too Expensive to Include in Deadpool How Tennessee’s Head Trainer Took Control Of The Allegations Against Peyton Manning Scalia&apos;s Hunting Trip Was a Gift From a "Friend" Who Had Business Before the Supreme Court Last Year Let&apos;s Hear the Better Proposals  Two Veteran LAPD Cops Charged With Repeatedly Sexually Assaulting Women While on Duty In August a woman came forward with claims that retired NBA player Eric Williams, husband of reality show Basketball Wives cast member Jennifer Williams, was the father of her son. Eric Williams spoke to Gawker.TV, this is what he said.  What do you wish people knew about you?
I'm just misunderstood. I kept myself quiet and reserved in the first year of Basketball Wives. Its almost like okay how do they want to portray me, whether me personally care or not. I think we got into some male bashing, not quite, but it was damn near close. Advertisement  What do you think of the generally negative perception of the American athlete?
That's a bunch of crap. Guys don't make it to the [professional] level being an asshole. Everyone's got an opinion and everyone's entitled to his or her opinion. My thing was always to try to be as positive as I possibly can. Did I make mistakes? I'm not the only one out here who is a man in a hot position that commits some kind of mistake or adultery. Everyone is afraid of that word, adultery, but I'm not. Do you regret the mistakes you made?
I ain't the first and I ain't the last. I'm just what's going on right now. I will admit it though, I have had infidelities in my life. I did certain things and I reacted instinctively without thinking, that's what men do sometimes. Cheating is not new to me or anybody out there, it's juts relevant right now because of a show that became really popular in the black community. Sponsored  Do you think the editing made you look worse than you actually are?
I am nothing but passion. If people know what passion really looks like, and they can look at me. I'm not a part of the production; they don't come to me with what to do. Nowadays people only know what they see which is unfortunate. They're blind to that TV. I hear someone say you know on TV they perceive you to be a mean individual. I'm not here to start a fight, anymore. I was in the midst of a situation and I felt like we shouldn't have been on TV at all. Was it painful to have your marital problems aired in such a public way?
It happened, and it was what it was. But you've got people whispering in you ear, you're looking at like what's going to happen after [the show]. I made bad decisions in that infidelity happened. You learn from your mistakes, and then you grow and you move on. That's the only way I'm able to function. What are you really all about?
Making ideas that I come up with come to life. As far as recognition from the outside world, I'm not looking for it. Anything that I ever do, I always looking at it universally, always to benefit others. Even in the case of me portraying my infidelity — I still support Jennifer in everything she does. I support her in what she wants to do. She's the one who wanted to do this show. People don't really understand my personality. People are judging me based on a show that's a bunch of fabrications. My stuff is real, but if you build a story around an individual to make him a bad guy. That's what the masses of people are saying, that's what it's perceived. Advertisement  If the world hates me, I know the universe loves me. What do you have to say about the allegations that you have a child from a women who you cheated on your wife with?
It's funny how that stuff like that will break out when a show needs some more press. They just ironically had that break out to give it momentum. You have to understand the process to the game. Do your homework, there's information that'll prove it. I mean that's the thing, it's not for me to defend. I'm not here to defend my honor over some speculations, my situation is that show is the real situation. People are making a clown of it. Why would I think I need to give a proclamation to the world? That's the way they played it.  Meredith Fineman writes Fifty First (J)Dates, a somewhat humorous dating blog that chronicles her endless pursuit for a Jewish gentleman caller, the philosophy behind jeggings, and why Boo the dog should be Speaker of the House. Follow here on Twitter here.  Zap2It Kevin Federline&apos;s first baby mama, Shar Jackson, reacts to pregnancy news Popular Latest Post navigation Share this: Follow “Zap2It” It’s baby No. 5 for Kevin Federline, as he and girlfriend Victoria Prince are expecting their first child together. So what do exes Britney Spears and Shar Jackson have to say on the situation? Brit-Brit, who’s been busy performing “Jackass” stunts and promoting her new album, has yet to comment, but K-Fed’s first baby-mama is sending well wishes.  Jackson, who has two children by Federline, tells People, “Honestly, I wish them the best, without question.” Adding that she’s not too concerned with his day-to-day activities.  “It’s just not part of my life,” she says. “I’ve got my own family to worry about, I can’t really be worried about what’s going on with anybody else. Good for them, and of course I wish them well.”  Jackson now has four children, and says that they’re her top priority. “People have been asking me what I think, or if I have a comment,” she laughs of the K-Fed news. “And I’m like, ‘Yeah, I have a comment. I need to go home and cook for my own kids!'” We give Jackson props on maintaining civil relations with Federline, who ended their relationship shortly before the birth of their second child to begin dating Spears. He now has two young sons by the pop-star.   Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.  Join 76,879 other followers    
Mariah Yeater: Justin Bieber’s Alleged Baby-Mama
 

 

 
Justin Bieber Opens Up About Baby Mama Accuser Mariah Yeater in New Book Titled ‘Just Getting Started’
 
Mariah Yeater ‘I Still Definitely Want a DNA Test’ from Justin Bieber
 
Mariah Yeater’s Ex Claims He’s the Baby’s Daddy, Not Justin Bieber
 
Mariah Yeater Says Baby Will Take DNA Test; Bieber References ‘A Weasel’
 
Justin Bieber Takes DNA Test for Mariah Yeater Lawsuit
 
Selena Gomez Brings Her Healing Puppy to ‘Ellen’ (PHOTO)
 
Kim Kardashian Feels the Same Way About Kanye West’s Twitter Rants as…
 
Top 7 Facial Moisturizer Picks, Plus the Best Amazon Deals of the Day
 
North West Is Officially Over Her Glamorous Lifestyle
 
2016 Grammy Awards: Rihanna Cancels Performance at the Last Minute
 
Did Kris Jenner Help O.J. Simpson Hide Evidence and Get Away with…
 
Lil Wayne -- Gives Strippers Healthy Tip (VIDEO)
 
Kanye West -- I Made This Magician Famous (VIDEO)
 
Take a Peek Inside Disneyland’s Dream Suite!
 
Beyoncé and Jay Z Showed PDA, Danced to ‘Formation’ at Grammys 2016 Afterparty
 
Val Kilmer Spotted Without Breathing Device In London
 
Bow Wow's Grammys Fail Was So Perfectly Awkward
 Recommended for you Around The Web MOST VIEWED Sign Up For The Latest Celebuzz News 
Partner Links
 
Top Photos
 
You'll Love    Bow Wow's Baby's Mama Speaks On Bow Wow's Suicidal Thoughts & New Baby Daughter Leave a Comment #DontShoot Report Bangin Candy Cash Money artist Bow Wow’s baby’s mother, Joie Chavis, has come forward to address his recent admission to contemplating suicide and discussed sharing a newborn with him. “He would always talk to me. We became friends before anything. So he would always talk to me and I was straight to the point with him. I would always tell him ‘you have fans, you have people who admire and look up to you.” “You have a beautiful blessing on the way that you have to live for. You have so much to live for so don’t think like that.’ I was definitely always there for him to cope with whatever he was going through. And just letting him know, be that father that you didn’t have to your daughter.” Earlier this week, Bow Wow wrote open letter crediting his daughter for giving him new motivation. “Let me start off by saying i love my fans. With out yall i wudda been left the game. For the past 3 years i been batteling life. Even thought about taking my own. I felt like as a kid i did everything and saw everything too fast which spoiled my adult years. I felt as if i had no purpose to live(Thinking selfishly) until god gave me the illest gift of my life”  No lambo, no blk card nuffn ammounts to my lil girl. I waited so long to tell yall the truth because i was nervous on how yall would look at me. Yall know everyone makes a big deal out of everything i do. I wanted to be 1st n let yall know the real.  My lil girl is getting BIG fast. i love every minute of it. She inspires me to go harder. Even made me treat my mother better, its like it made me into a man over night. Never been a fan of posting pix of my daughter. Reason is because i want my boo boo to have everything i didnt. Want her to be able to cheerlead with her lil friends with out some a**hole sticking his camera all in my lil girl face.” We are glad things are looking up for Bow Weezy! bow bow hello dumb A$$… keep your PERSONAL business PERSONAL…. go to court and put a GAG order on your childs mother!! thats pitiful to me how YOU BOTH are sharing so much public information on your child….and/relationship. if anything bow wow thats going to hurt your career not help. thanks…… (yes i know he isnt reading this) lol Who cares? If he wanna share his thoughts bout his baby then so be it. He mite be excited. @meesha u sound so stupid. I’m not a fan of him but dang. keep ya head up lil bruh, these  bit@he$ be real cold on ni&&@’$… probably b’cuzz they broke and aint gotta baby daddy like u$. @meesha & faebae get back tey work  and hyperspace craigslist hoe ad’s it’s friday Aww bow wow don’t worry u always got fans n ur daughter is pretty<3  Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Almost Done! Almost Done! Create a new password ForgotPassword? Create a new password Sent! Account Already Exists Sign in to complete account merge Schwarzenegger 'baby mama' With your existing account from... With your existing account Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} Welcome back Welcome back,  Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. In The News: Yankees beat Rays, 6-2 Share this: Share This Gallery Share this: Share this: Photo: myspace.com Photo: myspace.com Photo: myspace.com Photo: myspace.com Photo: myspace.com Photo: myspace.com View Slideshow © Copyright 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved Post Digital Network 
			© 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved
							 |
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY | YOUR AD CHOICES
 We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.