  Free Daily Email 

Ten Words Trending Now

 

Alphabetical List

 
Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning!
 Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you.  Baby Mama, Baby Daddy… Can’t We Just Be Family? Use Facebook to Comment on this Post Huey Questions: Why Are White People Scared Of Becoming A Minority In The 2040s? 12-year-old Quantum Physics Boy Genius Said Studying Electromagnetism is ‘Pretty Simple’ “HOW THE F**K DID YOUR GHETTO ASS TURN VEGAN?” – See DJ Whoo Kid, Raury and Waka Flocka Flame Make Blueberry Muffins and Talk... Obama Has A SECOND CHANCE to DO THE RIGHT THING And Nominate The First Black Female Supreme Court Justice. Omari Hardwick Said ‘Denzel Washington Saved Me When I Was Homeless’ #BLACKDONTCRACK: Triplets, NO! Then, Who Is The Mom? Remember When Beyoncé Honored Black Men And Highlighted Racial Injustice In Her Mini Documentary? (VIDEO) Did You Know There Is A Black Restaurant Week In Chicago?… And It’s Happening NOW!!!! [VIDEO] High school student schools teacher on what Racism is… Do You Have A Hate Group In Your Community? White Dallas man shoots 8-year-old black boy in the face as... All-Male HBCU Cracks Down On Cross-Dressing Place Yourself In A Position to Succeed By Any Means Necessary This Black Owned Bank Has Online Banking | Now You Can... All I Do Is Win w/Rapper & Mixtape Cypher Winner Que UIMD: Hey, It wasn’t Us Who said “all Black people are... What the &^%*&#$ was SHE thinking? Marshawn Lynch Saved ALL $49 MILLION of His NFL Salary, Retired... Patti Labelle’s Sweet Potato Pies Selling $2.3 Million Underscores the Power... NFL QB Cam Newton Gets His College Degree: I Promised My... RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 1 COMMENT MOST POPULAR HOT NEWS POPULAR POSTS POPULAR CATEGORY I recently read an article that was supposed to big up the Black father. The article’s title (something along the lines of “Black Men as Deadbeats is a Myth”) suggested, at least to me, that this would be a story of a man or men who go through hell and high water to be just as active in their children’s lives as their mothers, or, better still, Black fathers who are the primary caretakers of their children, or, even better, the fact (yes, FACT) that the statistics and media propaganda of the deadbeat Black father is just false (I have, recently, read such an article). Instead, though, this story was all about how a Black man videotaped his desperate pleas to his angry and belligerent baby’s mama to see his son who, despite the knowledge that her actions were being recorded, refused him access to their child. The old story (however true in however many cases) that further divides Black mother and father and entrenches us in the narrative of Baby Mama and Daddy. I am sick as hell of that story. I am what would be called a “Baby Mama.” I do not relish in, nor do I even LIKE this term. This term conjures up images of Welfare Queens who take care of themselves before their children and do all that they can to make the father of those children miserable. This is not who I am. This is not my story. Neither is it the story of MOST Black parents, married or not. The father of my child and I have a very good and loving relationship (even if it was hard fought, the point being we FOUGHT for it). We have our issues (hence, we are not married), but we work them out and all for the sake of our three year old little girl. I tell you these things, not because we are the exception, but because we are the rule. Most families like ours are, at least, semi-functional. Keeping it real, ALL families are ONLY about semi-functional! I am his child’s mother. He is my child’s father. We are a family, if a non-traditional one. I am all too familiar with the propagation of the Black man as deadbeat. A man unwilling to, if not incapable of, not making multiple children with multiple women nor taking care of those women and children. Lately, there has been an influx of articles, surveys and studies proving this image a myth (read: outright lie). However, along with the positive uplifting of our Black fathers , has come the disparaging and diminishing of the image of the Black mother (as is usually the case with our people). Time and time again, site after site, article after article, Black men (and women) have gone to war against the single, Black mother. Commonplace are the phrases, “you can’t trust no woman these days,” “these women just wanna get a n—a for his check,” “you know these chicks ain’t no good,” etcetera. And Black people via facebook, blogs and news media are feeding into this. Even those who call themselves “pro-Black,” “conscious,” or “Pan-Afrikanist” are fanning this ridiculous, Black woman bashing flame- supposedly, in the name of repairing the name and image of the Black father. However, it only tears us apart and hurts our babies. The problem in the Black community is that we have failed to behave as a COMMUNITY! The solutions to our problems do not lie within the blame placing and shaming of one another (put down light skinned folks to uplift dark skinned folks, put down women to uplift men, put down mothers to uplift fathers). We are not our enemy! The divide between Black men and women started well before the courts, the government and the media made it look (emphasis here) profitable for us, the oppressed, to oppress one another. To degrade one for the upliftment of the other only furthers the systemic, insidious disease that is the plight of the Black man and woman in america and around the world. We must begin to choose an attitude of love toward one another, regardless of our differences and personal squabbles. We spend so much time trying to prove each other wrong and trying to trace the origin of the breakdown in our relationships to one side of us, the victimized, or the other. We get so caught up in trying not to look stupid or foolish for letting someone take advantage of our kindness, that we end up being just plain mean to each other and our children suffer. Let me let you in on a little secret: all of the same emotions that helped you make the child should have some place in helping you raise that child, whether you are together or not (if you had a one night stand, you liked that person for at LEAST 30 seconds… work it out!). This is something that my child’s dad and I, both have to remind ourselves of when things get tough. And because of this, I have that man’s back- good or bad, right or wrong, happy or mad- and he has mine. It will always be that way because we will always share a bond that is the most precious that any two people can share: a child. We have an awesome responsibility. Our child loves and adores the both of us. I will not allow any negativity (from ANYONE) to tarnish her image of her dad, no matter what the current or past circumstance may look like. We mess up, we fight (privately and AWAY from our child), we get over it. Such is life. We will not feed into the old narrative. I urge all of the “baby mamas” and “baby daddies” to do the same. For the sake of the children. Great article, Monique! Thanks you! Comments are closed.  Pauly D's Mysterious Baby Mama Amanda Markert: Everything You Need to Know Trending Now Related Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Ogle Gigi Hadid's Sheer Jumpsuit Who Is Pauly D's Mysterious Baby Mama Amanda Markert? 
News
 From partying to pacifiers, DJ Pauly D is about to transition from a New Jersey party animal into the role of a hair gel-happy dad. On Oct. 22 it was revealed that the 33-year-old former Jersey Shore star had a secret love child, a baby girl who was the result of a one night stand in Las Vegas.  TMZ has since revealed that Pauly D (real name: Paul DelVecchio) is the father of a five-month-old baby girl named Amabella and his baby mama is former Hooters waitress and current VIP hostess Amanda Markert.  
PHOTOS: The Jersey Shore cast&apos;s wild summer
 
PHOTOS: The Jersey Shore cast&apos;s wild summer
 "I&apos;m proud I&apos;m a father," Pauly D told Us Weekly. "I am excited to embark on this new part of my life." Markert works with VIP bottle service at the Pool After Dark nightclub in Atlantic City. She and the MTV star reportedly hooked up in Las Vegas in August 2012 where Pauly D was spinning.  On Aug. 21, 2012, she tweeted, "Correction: I CAN handle Vegas; consider me the 2012 NJ style Cinderella."  
PHOTOS: Meet the Jersey Shore stars&apos; parents!
 
PHOTOS: Meet the Jersey Shore stars&apos; parents!
 She also retweeted several tweets from the Pool After Dark handle announcing DJ Pauly D&apos;s upcoming performances.  According to her Facebook page, Markert graduated from Absegami High School in Absecon, N.J. in 2005 and attended Atlantic Cape Community College in Mays Landing, N.J. The page also lists Richard Stockton College of New Jersey, where she says she&apos;s currently studying forensic psychology.  Markert also has an older son named Mikey with another, as-yet-unidentified father. She posts regular partying photos on her Instagram account, including a picture with Rob Kardashian and Brody Jenner, when the famous reality stars visited Pool After Dark in September 2012.  
PHOTOS: Snooki&apos;s body evolution
 
PHOTOS: Snooki&apos;s body evolution
 No news yet on whether Markert and Pauly D have been in contact, but on Oct. 23, she took to Twitter to talk about the news surrounding her infant daughter.  "I can&apos;t understand how and why people are so cruel and negative!" she tweeted. "My goodness, give it up already!" "My poor, innocent daughter being exploited," she added. "People should be ashamed involving an infant."  You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! 


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





 
                Don't have an Us Weekly account? 
                Sign up here.
             
Sign In
 


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





 
            Want to be an Us Insider? Sign up for exclusive news about your favorite celebrities and more.
         
            Already a member? Click here.
         


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





  
Register
  Ne-Yo Gets Stung With Defamation Lawsuit By “Fake” Baby Mama, Jesseca White Popular Stories MadameNoire Video Source: WENN Back in December, we told you that a woman by the name of Jesseca White was threatening to sue Grammy Award-winning singer and songwriter, Ne-Yo. In case you’re unaware of who Jesseca White is, allow me to catch you up to speed. A few years ago Ne-Yo and Jesseca dated. During this time, White gave birth to a child whom Ne-Yo believed that he fathered. Shockingly, in 2009 he found out Maury Povich-style that he was not the father. In September of 2012 the “Let Me Love You” singer appeared on a VH1 Behind The Music special, where at some point he discussed the traumatic ordeal and finding out the baby wasn’t his. “Jessica called me, balling crying. I’m like, ‘What’s wrong with you?’ And all she could say is, ‘He’s not yours, he’s not yours.’ She just kept saying it over and over and over again, to the point where I dropped the phone. Chimere’s not mine. That hurt ’cause I had attached myself to this guy, you know. This is my son. I’m looking at him and I’m picturing I’m gonna be old, and he’s gonna be — this is my son! It’s not my son,” he said during the special. A few months following the show’s airing, Jesseca hired an attorney and threatened to sue Ne-Yo, claiming that his depicting her as “a harlot who lied, broke his heart and then vanished,” was defaming and caused her to become the subject of much ridicule and harassment. She also claimed that she was so distraught and mentally tortured over Ne-Yo’s comments that she was unable to work, forced to file for state aid and suffered intense “nausea, vomiting and hair loss.” It was expressed that White hoped that she and Ne-Yo could settle amicably, but if he didn’t pay up, she’d be forced to sue him. It appears that Ne-Yo hasn’t complied because TMZ is reporting that White is moving forward with legal proceedings. In her lawsuit, she claims that Ne-Yo depicted her as “an unchaste woman who deliberately tricked him into believing he was the father of her child … so that she could fraudulently bilk him of ‘ungodly amounts of money.'” She also claims that she didn’t “trick” the singer, but at the time she gave birth, she wasn’t sure if he was the father and that Ne-Yo made it seem as if she “aggressively” sought to deceive him. White says that her career as a photographer and graphic designer has been drastically impacted since Ne-Yo’s special. While Jesseca’s claims seem a bit outrageous, when she finally revealed to Ne-Yo that he was not her child’s father, the two reached a settlement agreement where he paid her $575,000. It is reported that the two also agreed to a confidentiality clause, in which both parties vowed to never go public with certain information regarding the paternity drama. And this is why Jesseca just might have a case.
Messy. What are your thoughts on this? Should Ne-Yo have to pay Jesseca?   Follow Jazmine on Twitter @jazminedenise. He shouldn’t have to pay her a dime for fraud.  She deliberately lied to bulk him out of money.  It’s so sad for the child but this woman deserves nothing. I hope the judge rules in Neyo’s favor. Enough is enough. This is the first time EVER where I’ve heard of a woman fooling a man into thinking a child is his AND making him pay her CHILD SUPPORT for a child that isn’t his after the truth came to light. Now she wants to take him for another pay day…She’s ridiculous. Her livelihood has been at the hands of this man’s hard earned money. Confidentiality clause my behind, he has a right to tell details about HIS LIFE if he so chooses. He did not defame her, he simply stated his truth, which happened to involve her. If she didn’t want anyone to know about it she shouldn’t have done it. This broad is SAD.  You should look up child support laws, in many states this is the way it goes even if a man isn’t the biological father. They have until the age of 2 and after that it’s nearly impossible to get a child support order reversed. Personally, I don’t understand the nerve of women who ask for it… Thats horrible it truly is. I can say that I’m a woman who put my child’s father on child support. We split up and he left me in a situation where he was not contributing to his child’s life. I had lots of nerve behind it and still stick by my decision. I didn’t get a dime until the state made him pay. You absolutely should get child support from your child’s father. But the ones I find issue with are the ones who seek support knowing good and well that a man is not the father. Even if the law technically recognizes the wrong man as such, it just doesn’t seem right to keep after him. I agree with you. Laws are so screwed up. For that very reason, even thought I was COMPLETELY faithful to my boyfriend, I told him to get the test while we were in the hospital just to ease him mind. I encouraged it, just for my own kicks and giggles..I do believe that men need to take advantage of that quick and easy paternity test before the child even leaves the hospital. Its FREE and everybody is already gathered there together. Married or not, men should just protect themselves in these situations. She’s truly trifling, females KNOW they done messed around but somehow in their mind think that they can “wish” a baby into being who they WANT it to be by. Not child support.  She’s seeking money for damages for exposing her as a loosey goosey Maury Povich hall of famer. I know that she’s not after him for child support now. What I’m saying is she went after him for child support AFTER they both knew he was not the father. The girl just wants the money. hmmm I didn’t read that in THIS story.  What it sounds like is she asked for child support and when a DNA test came back he was declared not the father. And she ran crying embarrassed off stage left. I guess it would depend on what information he wasn’t allowed to talk about. He didn’t reveal the amount of money, he just told the story. And I didn’t get the impression that he thought she intentionally misled him. It just seemed like he said that the baby was tested and it wasn’t his. But he claimed him another man’s child as his. This chick has some nerve, suing Ne-yo for some child support to support a child that’s not even his (gotta love Cali for that law). Then disappearing without a trace after getting the money. She doesn’t deserve another dime, she didn’t deserve anything in the first place… World & Country know that Neyo can sit on a lollipop and tell you what flavor it is. So he broke the confidentiality clause? Not smart. He should have kept his mouth shut like she did and she wouldn’t get anything. I feel for him with the child not being his (so dirty) but you have to keep it legal. keeping it legal? in that case she never should have lied or accepted his cash to begin with . . . And y’all keep wondering why a lot of black men don’t fux with black women. Because you all are always money hungry hoes with y’all hands trying to get into a negro’s pocket. Black women stay losing if its H.I.V., single parenting, rape etc. Shut Up. You couldn’t wait to drop the black women bomb lol. Is that comment supposed to hurt black women’s feelings? Smh His fiance is Black, so evidently dealing with one bad apple didn’t turn him off an entire race of women, which is how someone with common sense approaches life. Takes two to spread HIV, takes two to make a single parent dunno what you’re talking about with the rape.  What’s your point? I blame the black fathers for not sticking around to help raise their daughter’s properly.  Other races of men overwhelmingly stick around to help raise their kids.  What’s wrong with y’all black dudes though? First off I personally think Neyo is a gay man pretending to be straight.  In the article it clearly says that when she found out he wasn’t the father she told him, she didn’t keep it from him.  They signed an agreement, he didn’t honor it.  He should pay!  Stop calling this woman a hoe!  You don’t know her or Neyo! You sleep with at least two men unprotected, within a two week time period . . .. .equals h*e-like behavior to me.  *shrugs* call a spade a spade  . . . I don’t know why I find this story hilarious. I’ve always thought Ne-yo was a “How you doin?” lmao! Forget the drama, what stuck out the most to me was that child’s name. THIS IS RIDICULOUS! When will African-Americans stop this? The child’s name is Chimere. A (Chimera) is a lion with a goat head attached to it’s back and a snake as a tail from Greek Mythology. To top it off, I “think” the creature is female, not male. They even use the word today when scientists merge genetic material from two distinct animals.  I assume she didn’t know any of this when naming her son.  And no, changing the a to an e doesn’t make a difference and it still has the same pronunciation. OMG.. I hate this stupidity. Oh small minded one…. Chimere is a Nigerian name which means God gives… understand that words like bowl, plate etc have various meanings depending on the context. While some people do go to extremes with naming their children it isnt exclusive to “African Americans”  Its sad that that’s the only thing that you took from the article. Please locate the nearest seat and google where you can find a clue! SMH The article was a little boring but I’m laughing at that chicks “educational” point of view. I’m guessing Google was her source lol  She named her son Chimere because that is Ne-Yo’s middle name and at the time of his birth she thought it was his son. So basically she just named him after his “father”. Nothing is wrong with that until the paternity test of course. I just want to know what did she do with the $575 he gave her! Sounds like if she had to go on state aid they need to sue her for a DAMN over payment for receiving public assistance! Hell no….that’s all From the looks of it she was already paid. You can’t just go around suing people because you can’t keep your legs close and got exposed. Defamation of character? She should sue herself lol. Let me get this straight, she hot excited cuz she thought she hit bank by getting pregnant by a celeb, embarassed herself by exposing herself as a hoe, and now she suing cuz she embarassed herself? If only I didn’t have morals or values…*sigh*… she should owe him money for not disclosing that she was in doubt of his paternity at the time she had the child. By her own admission she knowingly deceived that man for years while accepting child support from him. smh Hoes stay winning I swear. She doesn’t deserve a dime! And Neyo gave her a lump sum which she has depleted from what I hear. He didn’t slander or lie on her. Neyo told his story. She lied to that man and then asked him fund and feed a child that wasn’t his. I hate dead beat fathers, but I can stand conniving and greedy women. You want to collect money for your  pain and suffering, find your child’s father. I 100% agree with you but if he signed a confidentiality agreement he might have to pay up! I saw the VH1 special its is so clear that he will never get over what she did to him SMH. I hope she doesnt get a dime! Okaaaaay!!! I don’t understand how she has the nerve to want any more money from this guy after he gave her half a million dollars for a child that is not his. Crazy! MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2016 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural  Another Baby Mama Seeks Money From Michael Jordan  
								PolitickerOne  Trending  
								Top Ten  Recommended Top Ten Videos to watch Wildin’ Out Wednesday: What The Hell Were They… The Best Apps To Help You Keep Resolutions Courting The Black Vote: Are Candidates Taking The… Mass Shootings Erupt In January 2016, Many Incidents… U.S. Marshals Arrest Man For Outstanding Federal Student… Bridging The Gap: Black Lives Matter And The… New Film Celebrates Legacy Of The Black Panthers Obama Vows To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy Experts Pen Open Letter Requesting Gov. Snyder Establish… Cleveland Mayor Apologizes For $500 Ambulance Charge Guilty Of Manslaughter WTH?! Thursday: Woman Wrecks Her Own Car While… NYPD Cops First To Testify Before Federal Grand… $500 For Tamir Rice's Last Ambulance Ride? Wildin’ Out Wednesday With Actress/Comedian Kym Whitley White Feminists Attack Beyonce For Being Left Out… Black Teen Who Volunteered For Donald Trump’s Iowa… DOJ Sues Ferguson Over Police Misconduct, Proposed Reforms Trump & Sanders Win New Hampshire Primaries Danielle Nicolet Talks Season 2 Of TV One’s… Where Is Donald Trump's Jobs Plan? "Crushing Anxiety" NewsOne Now NAACP Image Awards Recap: Big Winners,… “It’s Called Show Business, It Should Be Called… Stars React To The Passing Of Earth, Wind… Justice League NYC Talks Social Justice, Police Accountability… #FlintWaterCrisis: Judge Greg Mathis Likens Poisoning Of An… Criminal Case Against Bill Cosby Will Move Forward GA Lawmaker Defends KKK, Then Withdraws Name From… Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015 Ben Crump: Holtzclaw Victory Barely Skims The Surface… Stay Informed: 6 Things You Need To Know… The Myth, The Legend, The Star? Why We… Roe v. Wade Turns 43 & Women Are… 
								1. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Viola Davis Wins an Emmy for HTGWM							 
								2. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Misty Copeland’s “I Will, What I Want” Commercial							 
								3. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Zendaya and Amandla Read The Girls For Filth							 
								4. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: The Year of The Black Cover Girl							 
								5. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Common and John Legend at the Oscars							 
								6. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Cicely Tyson Scratching Viola Davis’ Scalp on ‘HTGAWM’							 
								7. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Tristan Wilds in the Adele Video							 
								8. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Grace Jones’ AfroPunk Performance							 
								9. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Beyonce’s Met Gala Dress							 
								10. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: The Throning of Queen Serena							 
								11. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Missy Elliot’s Super Bowl Halftime Performance							 
								12. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: That Bill Cosby ‘EBONY’ Cover							 
								13. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Dem Patty Pies							 
								14. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: The Rise of ‘Empire’							 
								15. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Drake Demolishes the Internet							 
								16. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: “Miley, What’s Good?”							 
								17. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Ava DuVernay’s Barbie Sells Out in 17 Minutes							 
								18. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: John Boyega Stays Drinking White Tears							 
								19. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Everything Black Twitter Did							 
								20. Worst Moments In Pop Culture Moments Of 2015							 Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015 Also On News One: Clinton & Trump Dominate Polls Ahead Of South… Supreme Court Justice Battle Obama Vows To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy Trump Supporters File Birther Lawsuit Against Cruz Courting The Black Vote: Are Presidential Candidates Taking The Right Approach In Appealing To African-Americans? Michelle Obama Takes A Stand On Mental Health In Compelling Op-Ed President Obama: “Mr. Trump Will Not Be President” Mass Shootings Erupt In January 2016, Many Incidents Went Under-Reported Attorneys Request Special Prosecutor In Laquan McDonald Case Florida Teen Arrested For Impersonating A Doctor After Performing Exam On Undercover Cop Get Informed! 4 Charged In Shooting Of Minneapolis Black Lives… Welcome To The New & Improved NewsOne The Most Dangerous Religious Extremists Hail From The… Black Women Rape Victims Are Under Assault During… Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP 2 years ago 
Laquetta Theus (pictured left) is the latest alleged baby mama to claim that the iconic former NBA player Michael Jordan (pictured) fathered her 2-year-old girl, according to TMZ. RELATED: Judge Orders M.J.’s Fake Baby Mama To Pay Him Thousands For Bogus Paternity Claim Theus reportedly filed paternity suit documents at a Georgia court and is seeking child support, contending that the legendary player is indeed the Father of her baby girl, Juyana Rachelle Henderson. Theus even reportedly posted a message on her Facebook page for his Airness that read:  Michael Jordan, when are you going to support your 2-year-old daughter? You  drop 10 million on your nice wedding … that was nice but don’t you think it  time that you support your daughter? Theus is the second woman to publicly come forth involving a paternity suit against Jordan.  Former wannabe baby mama Pamela Smith also came out of the woodwork earlier this year seeking coins from Jordan in a huge way for her 16-year-old son. Smith withdrew her paternity petition from the court, though, but was later ordered by the judge to pay Jordan $9,704.13 for her false paternity claim. Now Theus has stepped up to the plate. According to TMZ, Jordan has reportedly filed legal documents stating that Theus knows who her baby daddy is — and it is certainly not him! The plot thickens!   From <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/22/sandra-bland-family-non-indictment/" target="_blank"><strong>Sandra Bland</strong></a> to the shootings in <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/06/20/why-is-south-carolina-using-a-judge-in-the-charleston-church-massacre-who-has-used-the-n-word-before/" target="_blank">Charleston, South Carolina</a>, African Americans were sadly reminded that being <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/13/police-brutality-2015/" target="_blank">Black in America</a> is much harder than it ought to be. And yet in the same breath, 2015 was a year of Black joy during which our culture dominated not only in our lives, but in the mainstream consciousness. From <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/07/16/lee-daniels-and-taraji-p-henson-emmy-empire/" target="_blank">Cookie Lyons</a> to the <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/10/17/ebony-editor-comments-cosby-cover/" target="_blank">Cosby <em>Ebony </em>cover</a>, our brilliance helped to push the conversation, affirm our greatness, make history and most important, make us laugh.

So to celebrate that greatness, we put together this list of the most defining Black pop culture moments of 2015. And don’t worry: <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/08/rachel-dolezal-interview/" target="_blank">Rachel Dolezal </a>is nowhere to be seen. Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP  YOU MAY ALSO LIKE FIND TV ONE MORE BLOGS 




 Leave a Reply Cancel reply 3 HWGA MOMENTS YOU NEVER WANT TO EXPERIENCE... Kendrick Lamar: Blackest Moment At The&nbsp...; R.I.P. Vanity — Denise Matthews Passe... 
 Although the term “baby mama” may be more commonly used in ANY neighborhood today than ever before, would you watch a TV show showcasing an African American man with 10 “baby mamas” and 11 children?  Well, if you haven’t heard, and you probably have (more than once), “All My Babies’ Mamas” is not a joke.  It’s scheduled to appear on your TV from another cable network this spring. As an African American woman who makes her living writing about relationships, I HAD to give my DARLING NIKKI TWO CENTS while trying to control my SIDE EYE.  I’m sorry people but FOR REAL?  My gal pal said it best when she said “even though this MAY be common in your ‘hood’ that doesn’t make it right.”  LOL!  According to the “All My Babies’ Mamas” trailer, 36 year old rapper Shawty Lo (Carlos Walker) may be known as a rapper but in Atlanta he is known as the man with 10 “baby mamas and 11 children.”  I must have missed the memo but when did THAT become a badge of honor in the era of HIV and AIDS? With the state of reality TV these days, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised at all and should be numb at the idea of yet another television show making US look crazy but watching that trailer hit me like a bullet!?!! How many folks are going to see THAT and think this is the norm in the Black community or think their big pay day is to get knocked up by a rapper?  #DARLING_NIKKI_REALTALK For me, the 13 minute “super tease” or trailer was more like a commercial for BIRTH CONTROL for both MEN and WOMEN then actual entertainment. I’m not sure who would sign up to have a baby with a man the same time as another woman or maybe even two or three other woman (There are multiple children the same age.  You do the math!).  I also don’t know what man would want the headache of putting up with all those women AT THE SAME TIME for the rest of his life.  Why not just protect yourself from the nonsense?  Well, Shawty Lo had an answer for that too. “They [the women] was in love and I probably was too.  Hell, it just happened,” said Shawty Lo in the “All My Babies’ Mamas” trailer. I’m not sure who I’m rolling my eyeballs at the hardest, Shawty Lo or the women who all have been nicknamed for the show?!? From the “First Lady” (once engaged to Shawty Lo) to “The Fighter Baby Mama,” “Wanna Be-Bougie Baby Mama,” “No Drama Baby Mama,” “The Shady Baby Mama,”  "The Jealous Baby Mama" and “The Baby Mama From Hell,” which name would you want to be known as?  For me, NONE OF THE ABOVE. Well, at least one “baby mama” had her head screwed on straight…sorta.  She stated for the cameras that…”When I found out he had so many kids, the first thing I wanted to do was get myself checked and make sure I didn’t have any diseases from him.  Thank God I didn’t.”
— Amanda “The Jealous Baby Mama” Shawty Lo’s current 19-year-old girlfriend is the same age as not one, not two but three of his daughters and she is proud of her love for the ATL rapper.  “When I first figured out Carlos had 10 baby mothers and 11 kids, I didn’t care cause I was already crazy about him,” she said. For everybody that says this is “cool” because he can afford it I have to ask — can he?  Why is he opening up his home, heart and children for the cameras?  He is not doing this for FREE!!!! Or perhaps his pockets don’t need the extra ching  but the itch to become the next big reality TV star is just too tempting.   For me, it’s not about the money or the fame it’s about spreading your seed and not really caring about the consequences PERIOD.  While we are teaching our young daughters and sons to be “responsible”  we are also rewarding a man and all his affairs with a TV show?  For those that say that everybody appears to be “happy” and he is taking care of his, my response is, that’s the LEAST he should be doing but does the world need to see it?  And although the woman may seem “happy” now… I bet you that wasn’t the case when many of them were pregnant at the same time and or finding out about other women.  That’s the side of the story that sometimes never gets fixed no matter how big the paycheck or ratings. One man and all his “baby mamas” plus his 19 year old girlfriend (the same age as three of his children) equals  a train wreck on roller skates.  Sorry, I said it but it is what it is!  I’m sure the show will do blockbuster numbers if its not cancelled first but like my gal pal said, “that don’t make it right.”

 TELL US:  What Do You Think of Shawty Lo’s “All My Babies’ Mamas?”  
    3 HWGA MOMENTS YOU NEVER WANT TO EXPERIENCE…AGAIN   
    Kendrick Lamar: Blackest Moment At The Grammys   Enter your zip code tofind TV One in your area. Last night’s episode of our hit sitcom, “Here We Go Again,” revealed the lemons that life often hands us. Forget making lemonade, we never want to experience these moments again! Here are three scenarios we…  The 2016 Grammys are over and Taylor Swift did it again — we can’t stop singing her song ‘Out Of The Woods.’ Kendrick Lamar left us with our fists waving in the air as he…  Before Rhianna or Nicki got freaky on stage, it was Prince protege Denise Matthews — also known as Vanity — who got dudes thirsty with her hit “Nasty Girl.” We got news Monday night after…  You must be logged in to post a comment.  baby mama Contents English[edit] Navigation menu Alternative forms[edit] Etymology[edit] Noun[edit] References[edit] Personal tools Namespaces 
Variants
 Views More 
Search
 Navigation Tools In other languages Print/export Usage notes[edit] Related terms[edit] Quotations[edit]   Wikipedia African American Vernacular English (General American would be baby's mama), 1990s, popularized 2000s.[1][2] Possibly from or influenced by same term in Jamaican English, from Jamaican Creole baby-mother ‎(“pregnant woman”) (1966),[2] alternatively due simply to grammatical similarities between AAVE and Jamaican Creole.[1] baby mama ‎(plural baby mamas) Contentious usage – sometimes used neutrally as a casual term, regardless of marriage status, particularly in the tabloid press,[2] or as a term of endearment. Often considered pejorative, particularly if applied to unmarried black parents – if used by one parent of the other, can imply “child in common but no meaningful relationship”, while if used by outsiders, can imply disapproval of children born out of wedlock; see citations.[3] More formal variants include “baby’s mama” and “baby’s mother”; in formal usage “mother of one’s child” is preferred. Similar considerations apply to baby daddy.  News Dan Marino and 7 More NFL Stars with Baby Mama Drama Related posts from this category Related posts from this category Get The Top 5 News Stories Each Day in Your InBox  Leave a Reply Cancel reply We will never share your email address.  With the world all atwitter about Dan Marino’s apparent extra-marital affair and subsequent secret child, it’s a nice time to reflect on other football players and the freaky litters they’re leaving left and right.  So don’t judge Dan too harshly, these cats are lapping him. Travis Henry
 Travis Henry was a successful running back in the league for six seasons, bouncing around from Buffalo to Tennessee to Denver and then eventually getting a three-year deal at a federal prison for cocaine trafficking.  Along the way he fathered at least nine children with nine different women, although reports on the number seem to fluctuate all the way up to 11 kids.  On a positive note, he has been reinstated and is eligible to play in NFL again if a team decides to take a chance on the 33-year-old running back.  Apparently the child support is a real killer. Antonio Cromartie  Cromartie and his wife are expecting twins, which will bring their grand total to four little ones.  Seems like a nice family he’s got brewing there. The only problem is the man has fathered a total of 10 other kids with eight different women in six different states.  So numbers 11 and 12 might lose a bit of their luster at this point.  I’d make a joke about how he’s struggled in certain coverage schemes or whatever, but being on the Jets right now is
punishment enough. Janoris Jenkins
It’s a boy….again! It’s a boy….again! Meet the new kid on the block, at least in terms of contributing the most to the world overpopulation epidemic.  Jenkins fathered four kids with three different women, and now a fourth mama is claiming he’s the father.  It should also be noted that three of these babies were born in the same year.  So … yeah, he has unprotected sex at the same rate most people change the oil in their car.  Also, he’s only 24 years old, so there’s a chance he could rise to greatness.  He should probably get some financial advice though. Ray Lewis
 By far the most polarizing figure in the sport, Lewis has had his share of ups and downs in his career.  That of course includes being accused of a double murder, and pleading guilty to obstruction of justice.  These days the linebacker is prepping for the Super Bowl and being accused of huffing deer antler velvet (you can’t make this sh*t up) before riding into the sunset to spend more time with his family.  That family includes six children with four different women, mind you.  Now, in case you haven’t noticed, Lewis is quite vocal about his faith these days. I’m guessing forgiveness is a big theme here. Charles Rogers
 Besides being one of the biggest busts in NFL history, Rogers got two separate women pregnant before graduating high school.  He finished up with five illegitimate children total, and played in only 14 games professionally.  If that wasn’t enough, the guy really hit bottom when he assaulted the mother of one of his kids and entered rehab for substance abuse.  This guy was supposed to be the next Randy Moss by the way. Marshall Faulk
 Marshall pulled off six kids with three different women while helping Kurt Warner run the greatest show on turf.  His 12,000 yards got him into Canton in 2011, but those six mouths to feed have kept him on the air as an analyst.  Also, he’s still pissed about that whole Spygate thing. Derrick Thomas
 Pass-rushing guru and Hall of Famer Thomas was a monster on Kansas City’s defensive line throughout the ’90s.  When he wasn’t getting seven sacks in a game, he was producing seven children with five different women.  At age 33 he was tragically killed from injuries suffered in a car crash, leaving both his large family and the Chiefs faithful devastated. Leave a comment Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:  You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )  You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Connecting to %s  Notify me of new comments via email.  Notify me of new posts via email.  

     American Graduate Short Films: Baby Mama High Craig Phillips ABOUT THE AUTHOR TAGS  It’s a startling statistic: 52% of American Latina girls get pregnant in their teens; more than half of those in high school never graduate. Heather Ross’s short documentary Baby Mama High looks at this issue from the perspective of an Escondido, CA, teenager. It’s the last few weeks of high school for Yessenia, a soft-spoken senior with two small daughters and a boyfriend who’d rather she stay at home than go to school. Yessenia is forced to choose: stand up for herself and her daughters, or give in to expectation. Yessenia’s story in Baby Mama High sheds light on the culture of early motherhood in the Latino community, as well as universal themes of struggling to break free of the expectations of a partner, family, and community.  Baby Mama High is one of five short films that are part of the American Graduate public media initiative supported by Corporation for Public Broadcasting to help local communities across America find solutions to address the dropout crisis. These films (which include Can’t Hold Me Back, I Really Want to Make It, Immigrant High, and Skipping Up) collectively showcase a diverse array of determined Latino adolescents, from Oakland to Detroit, New York to San Antonio, who have all struggled to overcome challenges — gang violence, drugs, poverty, young motherhood, and language barriers — as they keep their eyes on the prize: a high school diploma.  The American Graduate films are each available to watch for free online. We recommend each as appetizers before the two-part film The Graduates, which premieres on Independent Lens Monday, Oct 28, but they stand pretty well on their own, too. We’ll be promoting a separate short daily over the course of five days, so check back for the next installment. Watch Baby Mama High:  Preparatoria de Madreas Solteras (Spanish version):  Next American Graduate short: Can’t Hold Me Back. © 2015 Independent Television Service (ITVS). All rights reserved. PBS Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Be more independent. Help bring programs like Independent Lens to your PBS station... pledge online!  Black Ink Crew Ted Talks To Ceaser's Baby Mama, Crystal 
			Ted meets up with Ceaser's baby mama, Crystal, to see if he can make any sense as to why she is going crazy on Ceaser over the child support situation.
		 
                            10/07/2013 · 2:51
                     © 2016 Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. VH1 and all related titles and logos are trademarks of Viacom International Inc.  7 Reasons You’re Dealing With Baby Mama Drama we're so glad you're here! Like us on Facebook? Up Next: Sign up for our awesome newsletter ... It's like meeting for a coffee with your best mom friend. We'll catch you up on all latest parenting news, viral videos, delicious recipes and inspiring stories.* sign up for our awesome newsletter! Stay in the loop we will never send you anything boring ... promise! Read this to move forward from baby mama drama It's a tough road to travel. You've met a wonderful man who
loves you, who is secure and supportive of your dreams. You're smitten and you
can't believe how fortunate you are. There's just one hurdle you have to climb, but it seems more like a mountain. He has children from a previous relationship, and the woman he was with is a true-life horror story. Your love triangle
includes a Baby Mama, and it's not pretty. What is a Baby Mama? Well, Baby Mama is simply another term
for a woman who shares a child with a man whom she is no longer in a
relationship with. She is the mother of their child and, whether you like it or
not, she will never disappear. RELATED: How Much Input Can a Stepmom Have? Not every Baby Mama is spiteful, hateful or ridiculous, but
those who are can be a force to be reckoned with. But why does she behave in
such an irrational manner? Why the late night calls that erupt into arguments?
Why the contemptuous stare downs at family functions? Why does every decision
have to become a war? The first reason you may come up with is she's bitter and she
wants to reconcile her relationship with her ex. You believe this because it makes you feel
like the victor, as though you won a prize that she so desperately wants. If it
makes you feel good about yourself, go right ahead and continue believing that lie.
The truth is no one wants him but you. The real reason may be more complex
than you can imagine. It can be any one of these reasons: 1. The love of your life is still sleeping with his
Baby Mama. He's complaining about you to her, and she can't respect you because
she knows your secrets and fears. 2. You've shown her she can get under your skin. A
Baby Mama who knows how to push your buttons will do it for entertainment
purposes. When she knows that all she has to do is send a text or say a word and
you will react with venom, it gives her satisfaction to know that she can
control you. 3. They have always communicated in an unhealthy manner. What explanation did he give for their breakup? Did he explain that she was crazy? Did you ask how he reacted to her craziness? Why would you expect civil and rational behavior from a woman who is used to being disrespected by her ex? If your loving partner is being unloving to the mother of his child, she will react in the same way because that is the nature of their relationship. 4. She's finally asserting herself. After years of
being in a relationship that has been abusive or diminishing to her spirit, the
Baby Mama may finally realize that she has some power in her life and is overindulging in her right to say no or set guidelines. 5. The drama is a cover-up for how she really
feels. She may still have feelings for him; in fact, she probably does. The
love that exists between two parents cannot be completely broken, not even by
anger or disappointment. Instead of accepting the fact that love still exists
in her heart, she may not be mature enough to accept it for what it is and move
on. She may not realize that the love she feels doesn't have to expressed
romantically. Or she doesn't want him to believe she still loves him so she acts
out in ways that supposedly express hatred or disdain when, really, it's all a
cover-up. 6. The rest of her life is out of her control. When
a Baby Mama faces experiences like the loss of a loved one, being stagnant in
her career or caring for someone who is dealing with a prolonged illness, she
experiences the stress of not being able to control her life. This causes her
to hold the reins even more tightly with situations she CAN control—like
her children, your mood and her household. RELATED: How I Became Friends With My Stepkid's Mom 7. She's angry because he grew up. Relationships
that form during the early years of our lives are difficult to maintain because
the two parties grow up and grow apart. It could be that during their time
together, the Baby Mama wanted a certain treatment from the love of your life
but she never received it because he was too immature to understand the
importance of what she asked for. Now that he has grown up, she is seeing a
different side of him, and it angers her that he could not offer her the kind of
love and respect that he is now offering you. Do you have Baby Mama Drama? Share This on Facebook? Feb. 17, 2016 Feb. 16, 2016 Feb. 16, 2016 Feb. 16, 2016 Feb. 12, 2016 Feb. 12, 2016 Breakfast burritos * We will never send you anything boring ... promise! Part of the mom.me family:  Matt Leinart's Baby Mama Strikes Again -- Blake Griffin's My New Baby Daddy! 
Matt Leinart's Baby Mama
Blake Griffin's My New Baby Daddy!
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS See also You may like Bleacher Report AROUND THE WEB Around The Web 



1








          9/23/2013 5:45 PM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 Manny Pacquiao Wearing Nike  
More Trending News »
 Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  Lamar Odom’s Baby Mama Bashes Khloe Kardashian, ‘I Don’t Know If She’s Good Maternally’ Radar's Free Newsletter Hollywood, through the Radar lens! TheDailyJuice  
 Comments Hot Photos Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Spotted Looking Tense Amid Divorce Rumors Drugs, Debt & Secret Children: Amber Portwood's Fiance's Top 11 Secrets & Scandals Teen Mom Leah Reveals Baby Bombshell: 'Wait What? Pregnant!?' 'Kocktails' Cancelled? Khloe Kardashian 'Fighting' With Producers Over Contract Inside Sherri's Surrogate Son's Sad Life: He's Sick & Calls Others Mama Kris's Lies! BFF Claims Jenner REALLY Knew About Nicole Brown's Murder In Tell-All Kenya Moore Reveals Gossip About Kim Fields' Husband Liberty Ross Remarries After Ex-Husband's Infamous Affair With Kristen Stewart Getting Cozy: Gwen Stefani Sits In Blake Shelton's Lap For Pre-Grammy Party Kanye West's Longtime Co-Writer Quits & Begs Rapper To Seek Mental Help Lamar Odom’s ex-girlfriend and baby mama, Liza Morales doesn’t exactly give his wife Khloe Kardashian a ringing endorsement when it comes to the reality star’s skills as a step-parent. “I don’t know if she’s good maternally, I don’t know,” said Morales, whose two kids with the L.A. Clippers forward have spent lots of time with their step-mom, who has desperately been trying to get pregnant since her wedding three years ago. PHOTOS: Khloé & Kourtney & Mason On Miami Beach “As long as my kids are good, I’m good,” Morales told Starter Wives Confidential. “As long as my kids are taken care of and I haven’t heard anything negative, then I’m good.” Asked about her striking resemblance to the youngest of the three Kardashian sisters, Liza said, “I’m 100 percent Puerto Rican, and I was here first. PHOTOS: Khloe Kardashian Super Sizes Her Lips!  “I was here first, so she has a resemblance to me. I don’t see it. We both have dark hair. We both have a cherub face. I don’t think we look alike, but I have heard it. Imitation is a form of flattery!” Also in the chat, Liza shared that her relationship with the hoops star crumbled after their third child, son Jayden, tragically died of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome in 2006 at just 6 months old. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Slammed The Kardashians She went on to claim that Odom refused to open up about their heartbreaking loss, they grew distant and he eventually upped and left. “Who abandons their lady?” she asked. PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Top Families Liza can be seen on Starter Wives Confidential, which airs Tuesdays on TLC at 9/8c.  The Ex Files: Lamar Odom Getting Closer To Baby Mama Liza Morales After Split From Khloe Kardashian — Reunion In The Works? Exclusive Radar's Free Newsletter Hollywood, through the Radar lens! TheDailyJuice  
 Comments Hot Photos Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Spotted Looking Tense Amid Divorce Rumors Drugs, Debt & Secret Children: Amber Portwood's Fiance's Top 11 Secrets & Scandals Teen Mom Leah Reveals Baby Bombshell: 'Wait What? Pregnant!?' 'Kocktails' Cancelled? Khloe Kardashian 'Fighting' With Producers Over Contract Inside Sherri's Surrogate Son's Sad Life: He's Sick & Calls Others Mama Kris's Lies! BFF Claims Jenner REALLY Knew About Nicole Brown's Murder In Tell-All Kenya Moore Reveals Gossip About Kim Fields' Husband Liberty Ross Remarries After Ex-Husband's Infamous Affair With Kristen Stewart Getting Cozy: Gwen Stefani Sits In Blake Shelton's Lap For Pre-Grammy Party Kanye West's Longtime Co-Writer Quits & Begs Rapper To Seek Mental Help Just days after Khloe Kardashian filed for divorce from Lamar Odom, she’s already rebounding with Rihanna‘s ex, Matt Kemp. And now, RadarOnline.com has learned, Odom is finding support in an unlikely source as well: his ex, Liza Morales! “Lamar has been talking to Liza in the last few weeks, and she has been a tremendous source of strength for him,” a source close to Odom reveals. “Khloe was always insanely jealous of Liza and that is why Lamar distanced himself. He now recognizes that was a mistake.” PHOTOS: Kardashians In Krisis: 17 Scandals That Rocked TV’s First Family In fact, Radar has learned, Odom will be spending the holidays back in New York with Morales and his two children by her, Destiny, 15, and Lamar Jr., 11. 
 Could they be ready to put the Kardashian drama behind them and go back to being the way things were? Morales and Odom’s daughter says no way. When asked about a potential reunion by a user on her now-deactivated ask.fm page, Destiny said that another round for the couple would “never happen.” Hollywood Divorce Lawyers Tell All: Prostitutes, Cross Dressing, Drugs & More Shocking Split Secrets Odom and Morales went through a lot together in the ten years they spent together before he wed Kardashian in 2009: They lost their son, Jayden, to SIDS in 2006, as Radar has reported, and Odom’s cherished grandmother, who raised him, died three years before that. The couple got engaged but separated in 2010, Morales claims, and soon after she found out Odom was set to wed the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star in an over-the-top televised ceremony.  
PhillyGossip
 LeSean McCoy fights with baby mama on Twitter, deletes account Comment policy: Dan Gross  LeSean McCoy fights with baby mama on Twitter, deletes account LeSean "Shady" McCoy lived up to his nickname Saturday night when he embarked on a Twitter battle with his baby mama, calling her names and insisting his followers also harass her on the social media site. A few hours later, the Eagles running back took town his Twitter page entirely. First he laughably posted he was "hacked."   LeSean "Shady" McCoy lived up to his nickname Saturday night when he embarked on a Twitter battle with his baby mama, calling her names and insisting his followers also harass her on the social media site.
 
 
A few hours later, the Eagles running back took town his Twitter page entirely. 
 LeSean "Shady" McCoy lived up to his nickname Saturday night when he embarked on a Twitter battle with his baby mama, calling her names and insisting his followers also harass her on the social media site.
 
 
A few hours later, the Eagles running back took town his Twitter page entirely. 
 LeSean "Shady" McCoy lived up to his nickname Saturday night when he embarked on a Twitter battle with his baby mama, calling her names and insisting his followers also harass her on the social media site.     A few hours later, the Eagles running back took town his Twitter page entirely.  First he laughably posted he was "hacked."     The baby mama drama all began when McCoy innocently tweeted that he was in Puerto Rico on vacation. This led to a number of replies from @Angelface0330, whose account is still active, about the fact that McCoy is not enough involved with their son  who was born in April, according to the woman named Steph's Twitter profile.     With varying levels of profanity, Steph said McCoy has herpes, mocked his penis size, said his good friend had sex with his current girlfriend and also suggested that McCoy had recently performed oral sex on her in efforts to avoid child support payments.     McCoy replied that Steph was a "Broke bum" and a "nobody" who was trying to make her name off their son and told his followers to "Tell @Angelface0330 to get a job n stop begging for child support money she a BUM needs me to LIVE sad!!!"   He also said "I hit u n a week without knowing ya name .. My son the only reason u have a life u broke stop frontn on IG ...U BUM." If we may translate: McCoy says he had sex with this woman less than a week after they met and he didn't know her name. He suggests she's casting aspersions and inaccuracies on the social media site Instagram. CrossingBroad.com archived and posted dozens of tweets from the couple back and forth and once McCoy started retweeting messages from his fans, harrassing the mother of his child.  While obviously neither party needed to publicly attack the other and drag a baby into the fray, we sincerely doubt that McCoy was forced into having unprotected sex with this woman.  Perhaps it's time the Eagles, and all major sports teams finally add Condom Instructor or even a Pulling-Out Coordinator to their coaching rosters. Reps for McCoy were not immediately available for comment Sunday. Steph, who continues to tweet about the matter, also did not return our inquiry. Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted.   5 Things To Know About Pauly D's Baby Mama (And Adorable Little Girl) From our Partners I know. I can’t believe it either that Pauly D is a dad. But he is, and now that the news broke (the same day as Snooki & Jwoww season 3 premiered on MTV…go figure), more and more details have surfaced about this mystery woman (and baby!). Here’s what we know so far. OK! News: Pauly D Confirms That He Has a Daughter The baby mama’s name is Amanda Markert. She’s a former Hooters waitress who was working as a hostess at the time she got knocked up in Vegas by Pauly. Both parties were intoxicated when it happened, FYI. Instagram Amanda is only 25 but she already has another kid from a previous relationship. Her son Mikey is a super cute five-year-old boy. OK! Exclusive: Pauly D Hangs Out With The Backstreet Boys The new baby’s name is Amabella, and she’s really, really cute. Amanda has an entire Instagram page essentially devoted to her kids which you can check out @A_Markert. Instagram Amabella is 5 months old, which means that Pauly and Amanda slept together circa August 2012. They met at Harrah’s Resort & Casino in Vegas where Amanda was hosting and Pauly was DJing at the time. Amanda still lives there with her kids but Pauly now lives back on the East Coast. Photos: 13 Celebs Who Went Wedding Dress Shopping on TV Pauly has allegedly not yet met his daughter, but he and Amanda are now in a bitter legal battle over custody of the little girl. Amanda wants child support but Pauly wants actual physical custody so, uh, stay tuned, I guess? Instagram What do you think of Pauly’s baby mama drama? Isn’t his baby adorable? Tweet us @OKMagazine.  Jermichael Finley's Baby Mama Claims He Hasn't Paid Child Support, Then Goes Scorched Earth on Twitter Jermichael Finley's Baby Mama Claims He Hasn't Paid Child Support, Then Goes Scorched Earth on Twitter Jermichael Finley's Baby Mama Claims He Hasn't Paid Child Support, Then Goes Scorched Earth on Twitter 
NFL More Leads  NFL NFL NFL Comments Latest Leads 

					The Knicks Last Chance to Trade Carmelo Anthony Might Be at the Trade Deadline			
 

					Denver Broncos Should Look at Robert Griffin III Over Brock Osweiler			
 

					Jim Brown Had More Than a Few Issues Off the Field With Both Women and Men			
 The Roundup 188 shares Popular Leads 
552
			 			 shares			 						 		   
834
			 			 shares			 						 		   
4.9k
			 			 shares			 						 		   
505
			 			 shares			 						 		   
2.9k
			 			 shares			 						 		   
1.6k
			 			 shares			 						 		   
188
			 			 shares			 						 		   Trending: 

							Jeb Bush Chest Bumping: Keep The Sports Celebrations Out of Politics					
 

							Cristiano Ronaldo Scores Sick Goal Against Roma					
 

							It's Been 7,464 Days Since this Bears Fan Made Incredible Leaping Catch of an Extra Point					
 

							Dustin Johnson Almost Nailed a Camera on Command with a Wedge					
 

							Nike Ends Relationship With Manny Pacquiao Over Anti-Gay Comments					
 

							Ending the Internet's Dumbest Meme is the Perfect Birthday Gift for Michael Jordan					
 

							Will Muschamp Now Lives On a Private Island					
 
NBA  
NFL  
NFL  

	By Jason McIntyre
April 21, 2013 1:33 pm ET


				Follow				@thebiglead			
!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],p=/^http:/.test(d.location)?'http':'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src=p+'://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js';fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document, 'script', 'twitter-wjs');

 
		By: Jason McIntyre		| April 21, 2013 1:33 pm ET		


		Follow @thebiglead	
!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],p=/^http:/.test(d.location)?'http':'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src=p+'://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js';fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document, 'script', 'twitter-wjs');


 Jermichael Finley had a rough Saturday night/Sunday morning, and I’m not even sure where to begin or how to try and explain this, so I’ll let his Baby Mama’s tweets tell the story. Backstory: Chelsie Bellisle, the woman whose tweets you’re about to read, had a baby with Finley. Here are the paternity court documents. Finley is a tight end on the Green Bay Packers and in February 2012, signed a 2-year, $14 million contract. He’s married to the very cute Courtney Finley. The action begins sometime after midnight early Sunday morning, with Finley’s baby mama tweeting at Finley’s wife. Don’t ask me who “Jodi” is: @courtfinley88 your husband is a piece of work. openly admitted tonight that he is purposely not paying his child support. got caught out — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 @courtfinley88 with JODI tonight after i refused to talk to him so he smashed my phone to pieces. LMAO!!!!! ALLL ON TAPE AT THE BANK!!! — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 to answer your question @courtfinley88 …not only is jermichael still fucking jodi shes driving your cars! — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 oh and sorry to be the one to break the bad news but your husband has a girl here 4 months pregnant! add it to the list! @courtfinley88 — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 @jermichaelf88 has 5 kids he doesnt take care of but @nbc26 acts like this man is God because he donates a few dollars to charity — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 @jermichaelf88 gets a $3 million signing bonus and stops paying his child support. @nbc26 please research that one! — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 @jermichaelf88 stops paying his child support then has the NERVE to ask ME to buy him a drink!! — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 @thereason540 dudes screaming at me across the bar all night bc i wont fuck him then smashes my phone bc i took a pic of him cheating — its Chelsie love (@ChelsieLovely) April 21, 2013 Oh, Jermichael. Clean up your act. Good luck with this one. Athlete Girlfriends, Media Gossip/Musings, Miscellany, NFL, Athlete Girlfriends, Media Gossip/Musings, Miscellany, NFL Cam Newton and His Girlfriend Had a Baby, So the Letters to the Editor are Rolling In When is Super Bowl Media Day? Exclusive: Charles Woodson to Join ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown 
53 minutes ago 
·

Ty Duffy 
 Unless it’s the “Antonio Brown.”  
59 minutes ago 
·

Ryan Phillips 
 Cristiano Ronaldo ended his away goal drought with a gorgeous finish against Roma on Wednesday.  
2 hours ago 
·

Ryan Glasspiegel 
 Crazy highlight reel.  
3 hours ago 
·

Michael Shamburger 
 Golf clap.  
3 hours ago 
·

Ryan Phillips 
 Nike has ended its relationship with Manny Pacquiao following his anti-gay comments.  
4 hours ago 
·

Kyle Koster 
 For the man who has everything.   
5 hours ago 
·

Ty Duffy 
 Coach Boom living large.   Roundup: Hookers in Nevada Are for Hillary; Tinder User Lies to Women, Allegedly Defrauds Them of Big Money Roundup: Taylor Swift Rips Kanye West at the Grammys & Nina Agdal Wins the SI Swimsuit Issue February 16, 2016 Colin Kaepernick and Nessa Are an "Official Couple" Now February 15, 2016 Michelle Beadle Reconciles With WWE, Has Twitter Spat With Mark Madden February 16, 2016 Jordan Kilganon Stole the NBA All-Star Game with a No-Look Dunk in Jeans February 15, 2016 Allen Robinson Got Tattoo of His Michigan Catch  Lindsey Vonn Doing Pull-Ups in Body Paint and High Heels [VIDEO]  Roundup: Hookers in Nevada Are for Hillary; Tinder User Lies to Women, Allegedly Defrauds Them of Big Money  



 
			Powered by WordPress.com VIP  

			More Information		

  Chief Keef’s Middle School-Aged Baby Mama Says He’s A Deadbeat Dad Leave a Comment #DontShoot Report Bangin Candy Despite rolling around with plenty of cash at all times,  Chief Keef has trouble paying his bills. The Chicago rapper is allegedly behind on the $3K a month child support payments he was ordered to one of his baby mamas, which could lead to another arrest.  TMZ reports: 17-year-old Rapper Chief Keef has been stiffing his middle school-aged baby mama on child support … or so she claims, which is crazy ironic considering the guy rolls around with STACKS of cash in his pocket. As we reported, Keef allegedly fathered the child when he was just 15 and the mother was still in middle school … and he was subsequently ordered to pay $2,600 per month in child support (plus $500 for daycare) based on his income of $13,000 per month. But the mother has now filed legal docs, claiming Keef hasn’t been paying his child support bills. The girl says Keef was supposed to start paying up in May, but so far he’s only paid $1,900 … meaning he’s already way behind … which is mindblowing if it’s true because Keef regularly carries THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS IN CASH. Like that time he was arrested with $8,000 in his pocket, or that time he left LAX with stacks of stacks. The girl claims she can’t afford to support herself without Keef’s money and he needs to pay up stat. A judge has since ordered the rapper to appear in court in September to explain why he hasn’t paid. If he doesn’t show up, an arrest warrant could be issued. Calls to Keef’s camp weren’t returned. Keef does seem to dote Kayden, his daughter with another girl/woman, since she is a fixture on his Instagram. But we doubt the judge will go for any “Well, I take care of one of my children” arguments. Considering Sosa is getting hit up by baby mamas for cash, his superfluous spending habits and a debut album that fell below expectations, we’d be willing to bet the “Don’t Like” rapper will be crying broke in less than two years. Thus, the girl may want to reconsider her career trajectory if “Chief Keef’s baby momma” is how she plans to make a living. — Photo: Instagram  Bode Miller’s baby mama Sara McKenna claims: ‘He never offered to use a condom’ “You have to agree to have four of my babies,” Miller reportedly texted Sara McKenna — adding a pair of smiley faces — during a conversation last year. Olympic Gold medalist Miller married pro volleyballer Morgan Beck — while McKenna was pregnant.   Ex-Marine Sara McKenna and her son with Bode Miller, Samuel Bode Miller-McKenna,  in Sheridan Square Park in the West Village — her move to New York while pregnant, set off a custody fight. Sara McKenna says of Miller, ““He assumed I was ready to get pregnant.” Sara McKenna leaves family court Thursday in Manhattan after an appearance there in her child-custody battle with Olympic skier Bode Miller. Bode Miller has a child with Sara McKenna and married his wife when she was pregnant. Bode Miller wanted to have lots of kids, says his baby-moma Sara McKenna. Most Popular Entertainment Video 
	The mother of Olympic gold medalist Bode Miller’s infant son says the earlier death of a newborn daughter steeled her to safeguard her second child’s life. 
	Sara McKenna — who claims the Olympic bad boy wanted her to have an abortion — said the memory of her first child’s premature birth and demise motivated her to stay strong. 
	“That’s why I fought so hard to keep this one,” Sara McKenna told the Daily News on Friday. “That made me more careful this time. I wasn’t going to go through that again.” 
	The 27-year-old ex Marine said she almost suffered a miscarriage from stress when she was five months pregnant after learning that Miller’s new wife, volleyball player Morgan Beck, was telling friends she planned to raise McKenna’s baby. 
	She claimed she was later bombarded with messages from Beck, who wanted to know where McKenna lived — ostensibly so Miller could send child support papers for little Samuel Bode Miller McKenna. Actually, McKenna said, Miller wanted to serve her with more legal papers in New York. 
	Two days after the Feb. 23 birth, McKenna said she visited the 6th Precinct stationhouse seeking an order of protection against Beck. 
	McKenna was pregnant when she moved to New York to enroll in Columbia University under the GI Bill. That complicated a custody fight for the child that Miller started in California, before the baby was born. A Manhattan Family Court referee ruled Thursday that the case belongs back in California. 
	An attorney for the acclaimed skier, who earned five Winter Games medals, declined comment on the increasingly harsh legal fight. 
	McKenna said she first became pregnant by a longtime boyfriend in 2009 — but he, like Miller, wasn’t interested in marriage. 
	The little girl was born two weeks prematurely and died two days later due to problems with her lungs, McKenna said. 
	McKenna told The News that she and Miller, 35, met through a high-end Internet dating service last year and shared a sexual encounter in California. 
	The two went their separate ways, but McKenna said they resumed contact a couple weeks later and agreed to meet in Florida in May 2012, where McKenna became pregnant. 
lmcshane@nydailynews.com  Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.  Baby mama Debbie Rowe rushes in after Jacko teen tries to kill herself More Stories Copy Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Almost Done! Almost Done! Create a new password ForgotPassword? Create a new password Sent! Account Already Exists Sign in to complete account merge Trending Nowin News White House spokesman astonishes reporters with attack on Chuck Schumer Lion couldn't hunt wildlife so it came for park employee instead 'They told me to rape my children': Survivors of Kenya violence speak out 

Now On




 Now On Kanye’s epic ‘SNL’ meltdown uncensored 

Now On




 Now On Watch The Entire Fight Where Ronda Rousey Gets KO'd By Holly Holm ... Now For Free! 

Now On




 Now On Is “The People Vs. OJ Simpson” Really About The Kardashians? Video Most Popular This Week 

Now On
Page Six

 Now On Kanye’s epic ‘SNL’ meltdown uncensored 

Now On
Decider

 Now On You Can Blame Barbara Walters 1994 Interview For Making The Kardashians Famous 

Now On
IAF

 Now On Is “The People Vs. OJ Simpson” Really About The Kardashians? Share URL:  With your existing account from... With your existing account Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} Welcome back Welcome back,  Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. In The News: Share this: Share this: Share this: Share this article: Share this: SEE ALL SEE ALL SEE ALL Who said it, Trump or Kanye? This guy turned his legs into sleds Sex of the future ... TODAY! Troops betrayed as Army dumps hundreds of heroic war dogs Crook's arm ripped off after failed robbery attempt Kanye West had epic meltdown backstage at 'SNL' Pissed-off passenger urinates on fellow flier Detectives question lack of autopsy in Scalia death in News  This Week 
News
 



 
									June 8, 2013 | 4:00am
												 Not only has Michael Jackson’s baby mama Debbie Rowe reunited with daughter Paris — but she’s also ready to take custody of the troubled teen once Paris is sprung from the hospital after a suicide bid, sources said yesterday. “Debbie’s door has always been open to Paris, and she will do whatever it takes to help her daughter,” a source close to the pair told The Post. “She will take custody if Paris wants to come and live with her.” Rowe — the biological mother of Paris, 15, and older brother, Prince, 16 — is calling the shots on Paris’ welfare in the wake of the teen’s suicide bid this week.  “Katherine [Jackson] has asked Debbie for help,” the source said, referring to Paris’ 83-year-old grandmother and Jackson family matriarch, who has co-guardianship of the teens and their younger brother, Blanket, 11.  “The rest of the family is looking to Debbie to take the lead; she has extensive experience in psychology,” said the source.  Rowe, who got at least $15 million in alimony from Jackson, would also take custody of Prince, but he has wanted nothing to do with his birth mom, several sources said.  With a car and a drivers’ license, Prince has also been spending less time at home with Katherine.   “As soon as he’s 18, he is outta there,” said a source close to the Jacksons. The custody issue came up after The Post reported yesterday that T.J. Jackson, a cousin who has co-guardianship of the siblings with Katherine, has not been living full time in the kids’ Calabasas, Calif., home. He has his own home two hours away.  Paris had already been staying at Rowe’s ranch outside LA on weekends before she downed a fistful of Motrin and cut her wrists this week.  The teen had planned to spend the summer with her mom, with whom she recently reconnected. Meanwhile, in the wake of media reports about the teenager’s precarious health, the Los Angeles judge overseeing Michael Jackson’s estate and his children’s guardianship yesterday ordered an investigation into Paris’ situation.  A probate investigator “shall prepare a written report and include therein any recommendations related to the minor child’s health, education and welfare,” LA Superior Court judge Mitchell Beckloff wrote.  He warned that the report “shall be provided only to the court,” with no copies disseminated to any other parties.  Katherine and the Jackson clan are “bracing for a custody battle,” a source close to the family said — even though Rowe’s camp insists she will not go to war with them. “It’s their own paranoia,” the source said of the Jacksons. “They are afraid the kids will be taken away from them.” LA County Child and Family Services agents want to “interview each of the kids at length in the next few days,” said the source. Also yesterday, another source said Paris will not return to her posh private school, and may opt to be home-schooled.  
Read Next
 

				Allegedly stoned equipment operator to be charged with man...			
 
Read Next
 

				Allegedly stoned equipment operator to be charged with man...			
 Share Selection 23,563 8,019 6,096 © Copyright 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved Post Digital Network 
			© 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved
							 |
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY | YOUR AD CHOICES
 
							News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services.						 Copy Link We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.  
Hollywood Life by Bonnie Fuller
 Amanda Markert: 5 Things To Know About Pauly D’s Baby’s Mother Latest Fashion News: Latest Fashion Photos: Latest Beauty News: Latest Beauty Photos: Ever since the news broke on Oct. 22 that Pauly D had a baby girl, it’s been total custody drama between Pauly and the mother of his child, Amanda! We bet you’re dying to know more about her, so HollywoodLife.com dug around to bring you the scoop! Amanda L. Markert, Mother Of Pauly D’s Child: 5 Things To Know WATCH: Pauly D Love Child: Snooki & JWoww Speak Out  More Pauly D News:      Photos Coming soon. Photos Coming soon. Amanda Markert, 25, has a 5-month-old daughter with DJ Pauly D, 33. Amanda met Pauly in Las Vegas, and they didn’t know each other previously — but there’s so much more to find out! Keep reading to learn other facts about baby Amabella‘s mother.  Will Amanda and Pauly be able to work out their differences outside the courtroom, since Pauly wants custody of his child that he hasn’t gotten to meet yet? We’ll have to wait and see — but in the meantime, here are five essentials about Amanda! 1. Amanda’s nickname for Amabella is “Ammabear,” according to her Twitter account. So sweet! 2. Amanda is a mother of two. Mikey, 5-years-old, is her son from a previous relationship. 3. Amanda is a former Hooter’s waitress. 4. She was also a VIP waitress at Harrah’s Casino Resort in Atlantic City, New Jersey, where Pauly previously had a DJ residency. 5. Amanda is currently a college student, according to her Twitter. Pauly had a one night stand with Amanda, who he reportedly met while he was DJing in Las Vegas. The two have filed dueling court documents since then, because Pauly wants custody of his adorable baby daughter, since he allegedly hasn’t physically seen the child yet. Amanda wants child support, even though Pauly is requesting custody. Amanda currently resides in Atlantic City.  — Ivy Jacobson The Best Backstage Fall '16 Shoe Shots At New York Fashion Week TVLine Items: Hutcherson to Hulu, S.H.I.E.L.D. Casts Slingshot… Fox+ Premium Package Launches in Brazil With 'The Walking Dead,'… YouTube Star Jordan Doww Joins CESD; British Actress Nita Mistry… Productores de los Grammy Awards defienden su tributo a Natalie… The Power of Content Copyright © 2016 PMC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  Pauly D's Baby Mama Airs Their Dirty Laundry On Twitter! Invites Him To Visit Their Daughter! Kate Middleton Crafts A Poignant Essay On How Prince George & Princess Charlotte Have Inspired Her To Take On An Active Role In Children's Mental Health 3 comments to “Pauly D's Baby Mama Airs Their Dirty Laundry On Twitter! Invites Him To Visit Their Daughter!”
 Celeb Baby Laundry Kate Middleton Crafts A Poignant Essay On How Prince George & Princess Charlotte Have Inspired Her To Take On An Active Role In Children's Mental Health Madonna Shares ANOTHER Throwback Snap Of Son Rocco Ritchie As She Struggles With Their Estrangement Chrissy Teigen & John Legend Turn To President Obama & Kim Kardashian For Parenting Advice -- Yep, You Read That Correctly! North West Is The Cutest Little Diva  Jason Sudeikis & Olivia Wilde's Son Is Already Obsessed With Beyoncé! Briana Jungwirth Calls Her Son With Louis Tomlinson Her 'Valentine' -- Get Your Tissue Boxes Ready For This Motherly Love! Blac Chyna's Momma Claims Rob Kardashian Could Be A 'Bad Influence' On Her Daughter!  Glee's Heather Morris Has Given Birth To Her Second Child! The Kardashian/Jenner Family Tree Is Konfusing -- Use This Map To Keep Track Of Everyone Who May Appear At Kanye West's New York Fashion Week Show! David Bowie's Son Duncan Jones Reveals He's Going To Be A Father On The One-Month Anniversary Of The Rock Legend's Passing Kim Kardashian Is Already Over Parenting Two Kids!  Coco Austin Puts Daughter Chanel Nicole In 'Christian Louboutin' Baby Shoes -- Is It Too Much? Cookie Monster Goes Wild! Kelly Clarkson Announces Her Adorable New Children's Book Inspired By Daughter River Rose -- Take A Look! Celebrities With Baby Momma/Daddy Drama! Madonna Hires Private Investigator To Look Into Concerns About Guy Ritchie's Parenting Habits Amid Custody Battle! My Big Bilingual Boy!!! Gwyneth Paltrow & Beyoncé's Kiddos Totally Bonded At Super Bowl 50 -- And We Died! Tyga Is Looking To Change The Custody Agreement Over King Cairo After Blac Chyna's Arrest -- Deets HERE! Jessica Biel & Her Baby Boy Silas Share A Sweet Moment Together In This Rare Pic! Sofia Vergara Reveals Her Baby Makin' Plans With Joe Manganiello! Rory Feek Is 'Feeling Broken Hearted & Blessed' As He Watches His Ailing Wife Joey 'Pour A Lifetime Of Love' Into Their Daughter Indiana Madonna Believes Guy Ritchie Is 'Brainwashing' Son Rocco Amid Their Custody Battle -- Oh No! Watch 'Super Bowl Babies' Sing About Their Parents Doing It -- To The Tune Of Seal's Kiss From A Rose -- In SUPER Awkward Commercial! Eva Longoria's Ex Tony Parker Is Having ANOTHER Kid! Cameron Diaz 'Wants To Be A Mom!' Get The Deets About Her Loving Marriage With Benji Madden! Former Children's TV Host Arrested On Child Sex Abuse Allegations! Country Cutie Jana Kramer & Husband Michael Caussin Are Officially Parents! See The First Snap Of Their Little Girl! Christina Aguilera Encourages Mothers To Look After Themselves First -- 'Are You Taking Care Of You?' Audrina Patridge Bares Her Growing Baby Bump -- See The Adorable Pic! Are Mariah Carey's Twins ACTUALLY Aware Of The Singer's Engagement To James Packer? Deets HERE! The Bachelorette's Ali Fedotowsky Flaunts Her Bulging Baby Belly! Take A Look! ICYMI: Father Of Four Daughters Faints After Learning He Is Having A Boy -- Watch! Kim Kardashian Completely Ignores All The Drama Surrounding Her Famous Family & Posts A Sweet Pic Of North West Instead! Teen Mom 2 Star Leah Messer Regains Shared Custody Of Her Twins! Zayn Malik Thinks Louis Tomlinson's Baby Is 'Cute As F*ck' -- Is Their Feud OVER?! Disneyland Paris Security Scare -- Couple Arrested With Two Guns And A Box Of Ammo! Here's How Louis Tomlinson & Briana Jungwirth Picked Their Little Boy’s Name! And See A New Pic Of Him HERE!
 Barbie Gets A HUGE Makeover & Introduces Three New Body Types! See Them All HERE! Anne Hathaway Nails Maternity Style In A Dotted Mini Dress Alongside Her Husband As They Red Carpet Debut Her Baby Bump  This is a terrible way to get things done, but it seems like he's left her no choice! Pauly D has been reportedly trying to see his love child Amabella, but maybe he’s not THAT eager! The Jersey Shore alum has apparently tried to contact his baby mama Amanda Markert to see his little girl, but hasn’t gotten an answer. Well, the mom took to Twitter again on Wednesday to explain her situation: “This is getting out of hand, you've had my number since day 1. Come bond with her any day, any time you and your family want. @DJPaulyD” “It could all be so simple….
Call now…
@DJPaulyD” “Since we last spoke I don't have any way to get in touch with you directly and I think we can solve this by talking ASAP.
@DJPaulyD” So, it sounds like Amanda actually did want to contact him, but couldn’t. You know how celebrities can be! Amanda also went on another rant previously, stating that Pauly D knew about the baby all along and even paid some of the expenses! She said: "Looks like any chances of utilizing my degree towards a positive career and future for my kids is now ruined bc of the media…" “I kept this a secret from everyone BUT him for a reason, the best interests of my children. It's not my fault he told.” “And the 'texts' were NEVER brought up by me. He told media that too.” “And who gets hurt out of all the negative he has put out there? The baby girl.” “And when she reads about her father wanting her aborted, it's going to damage her little heart.” “Stop putting negative out there! For the sake of the little girl.” “The interview I did only, to defend myself, was not compensated!” “The pictures of my children out there were stolen from my social media sites, which I keep in touch with friends and family.” “I can't even walk my son to the bus stop now because people are out there taking pictures.” “Worst week of my life. God give me strength.” “I saw the ultrasound. I heard the heartbeat. I couldn't go through with it…” “So yes it paid for ONE ultrasound, Blood work, and proof of pregnancy. I paid for 9 months of doctors appointments following….” “I have been financially supporting Amabella MYSELF for the past 5 months.” “Apparently he wrote a check and sent it a few days ago just to show the media the copy of it…publicity stunt.” “I love my children more than ANYTHING in this world. The chaos he has created is a shame.” “He has NEVER contacted me to see this child and I have never denied him his rights as a father.” “Nor did I hide the pregnancy from him. He knew all along and he never once denied it was his.” “Calling her a 'love child' in the media. Does he not realize she will read all of this later on?! And how damaging it will be!?!” “I have studied about child psychology and child growth and development within my years of schooling…” “…And I know the importance of having both parents involved. I hope he ends this war and starts making the right choices.” “This is REALITY not a REALITY sitcom! Leave your publicity mask at home. I'm sick of this!” Wow!!! Can someone get this girl another interview? She has A LOT to say!!! No one really knows what’s going on with this situation except Pauly D and Amanda, but we truly hope that the DJ gets to see his baby sooner than later! [Image via Instagram.]
 Tags: amabella, amanda markert, baby blabber, baby momma drama, legal matters, pauly d, twitter, visitation I love how these girls get all high on morals after they've had unprotected sex with a "celebrity" stranger.  I feel for her daughter…not her or Pauly!!!
 It's not appropriate that the first time meeting his five month old daughter would be taking her for two weeks. What does he really expect? Did he really think she would be ok with that?
 This woman clearly has a brain in her head and loves her children. I just heard of all this now, but I really hope that her message gets out loud and clear.. she is not looking for B.S.. and people who talk about her sleeping with a celebrity unprotected,…. seriously probably most women who are in the spur of the moment and star struck would do the same. She is human and not once sought attention like most women who sleep with celebs. I loved all the quotes she wrote because it shows her priorities in life and shows that she can see right through the B.S produced by the sperm donor. Love it! You go girl.
  
We're so thrilled to see Kate Middleton taking on such an important cause! On Wednesday, Kate expressed her views on children's mental health in a blog post through the Huffington Post's "Young Minds Matter" series. The piece was as well written as it was informative. Related: Kate Will Soon Give Her First On-Camera Interview! In the message, Middleton expresses her belief that addiction and adulthood problems are often caused by "unresolved childhood challenges". The momma warned that if precautionary measures aren't taken to address the needs of "taboo" issues children too often face, this will lead to major issues down the road. K.M. elaborated on her position: "...time and time again, the issues that led people to addiction and destructive decision making seemed to almost always stem from unresolved childhood challenges. It became clear to me that many children — even those younger than five — have to deal with complex problems without the emotional resilience, language or confidence to ask for help. And it was also clear that with mental health problems still being such a taboo, many adults are often too afraid to ask for help for the children in their care." While this is such a sensitive issue, it's nice to see the Duchess of Cambridge working with mental health charities like the Anna Freud Centre to bring change. Not only did the beauty incorporate her own work anecdotes to express her opinion, but she also included tidbits about children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to drive the PSA home. The brunette explained: "Like most parents today, William and I would not hesitate to seek help for our children if they needed it. We hope to encourage George and Charlotte to speak about their feelings, and to give them the tools and sensitivity to be supportive peers to their friends as they get older. We know there is no shame in a young child struggling with their emotions or suffering from a mental illness." Aw! Georgie and Char are SO lucky to have such well-informed and doting parents! You can read Kate's entire piece HERE. [Image via Kensington Palace/Twitter.] Apple Refuses To Unlock Terrorist's iPhone For The Government -- See Why They Won't Comply With The 'Dangerous' Court Order! Kanye West Goes On ANOTHER Twitter Rant -- But This Time He Addresses His Huge... Ego! Kate Hudson Says She's 'Having A Great Time' With 'Sweetheart' Nick Jonas On CBS This Morning! Is This FINALLY Confirmation?? Don Cheadle Declares He's Not A Taylor Swift 'Hater' After Throwing Shade At Her Grammys Win! But He Stands By His Comments!  Kate Hudson Talks Her Sex Drive To Promote New Book -- Just Before Opening Up About Nick Jonas! Katy Perry Accused Of Being A 'Regina George' Type Of Bully! Singer Ryn Weaver Stirs Up More Bad Blood! EXCLUSIVE! Simple Plan Will Make You Feel Like An Angsty Teen Again With Their Brand New Breakup Song P.S. I Hate You!  Gwen Stefani Admits Make Me Like You Is About Blake Shelton -- AND What She Thinks Of No Doubt Moving On Without Her! Big Ang Has Left Her Husband Of 6 Years After He 'Never Stepped Up To The Plate' Following Her Stage 4 Cancer Diagnosis -- See Her Emotional Reveal! RHOBH Diagnosis Drama! Yolanda Foster Hadid Suggests Lisa Rinna Is Bipolar After Her Munchausen & 'F*cking Lunatic' Comments! Hollywood´s Biggest Supporters Of Masturbation! Guess The Curves! Who Do These Sexy Bodies Belong To?! 10 Movies That Ruined Celebrity Relationships!    Home | About | Contributors | Contact Perez | Newsletter | perez_mailto('706572657a69746f7340626c6f676164732e636f6d', 'Advertising'); | Sitemap | RSS Copyright statement | Conditions of Use | Privacy Notice | perez_mailto('7465636840706572657a68696c746f6e2e636f6d', 'Report technical problems'); © 2005-2016 PerezHilton.com  



 Shop For More Info  We Heart Boobs & Butts Sign Up for Our Newsletter!  We are open 7 Days, 10am - 7pm  (fall/winter); Closed Major Holidays; 718-238-2354- Call With Any Questions! Bathtime 3 Sprouts Hooded Towel aden + anais Bubble Towel and Washcloth Set aden + anais hair + body wash aden + anais Scrub 3 Pack Washcloths Apple Park Organic Cotton Bath Wrap Diapering aden + anais Changing Pad Cover aden + anais Changing Pad Cover Bamboo aden + anais Organic Changing Pad Cover Badger Organic Diaper Cream BumBoosa Wipes Diaper Bags JJ Cole Backpack Black and Gold JJ Cole Satchel Diaper Bag Kalencom Weekender  Diaper Bag Black Lassig Green Label Neckline Diaper Bag Lassig Tender Diaper Bag 
              
                We have a private & comfortable room for you to pump or nurse your baby in.
 We also have a bathroom with a real changing table and a toilet trainer for bigger kids. No purchase necessary to use either! Strolling down 3rd? Come on in! Parents have enough to worry about.
              
            




Twitter





Facebook





Pinterest





Instagram



  We also have a bathroom with a real changing table and a toilet trainer for bigger kids. No purchase necessary to use either! Strolling down 3rd? Come on in! Parents have enough to worry about.
              
              Dirty Dog Diaries: Floyd Mayweather’s Baby Mama Josie Harris Posts Freaky Photo Of Him In Bed With Her And His Banger Boo Responds! Floyd Mayweather’s Baby Mama Posts Photos Of Them Together In Bed Comments Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Find us on YouTube Trending Search Keywords:
					
 Celebrities Topics Celebrities News Exclusives Videos Photos Info Topic Results We Broke It Here First!
Dirty Dog Diaries
Jesus Take The Wheel
New Couple???
Put on Blast
Race Matters
 2015 Bossip Awards: Couples Who Won’t Be Around Next Year [Video] 2015 Bossip Awards: STFU Category… Featuring Raven Symone, Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Meek Mill And More! 2015 Bossip Awards: Who Wins The Dirty Dog Of The Year Honors? [Video] Alano Miller & Renwick Scott Explain Color Issues In The South And Talk Characters On “Underground” [Video] Exclusive Beef Explained: Jennifer Williams Breaks Down The Problem With Claudia Jordan On “Next 15” (Don’t Be Scared) [Video] #LHHATL Exclusive: Erica Dixon Talks Restraining Order Against No-Child Support Paying Little Scrappy [Video] End Of Days: Creepy Preacher Talks New Money, Little Girl Receiving His Gifts, And Sings “How Dumb Thou Are!” [Video] Pastor Manning On Black Lives Matter Suicide “It Is A Demon Inspired Org” [Video] Brotherman’s Girlfriend Is Angry He Spent $5000 On Suicide Doors For The Cadillac [Video] Jason Derulo Drops Music Video Starring K. Michelle “Naked” [Video] VV Brown Drops Whiteface Music Video “Sacrifice” And Loses White Fans.. [Video] For Valentines Day: Meelah “Stupid In Love” [Video] Exclusive Shots Fired: Real Housewives Of Potomac’s Karen Throws Shade At Gizelle [Video] Exclusive: Stevie J Gives DBS The Real On Threesome With Mimi Faust & Joseline Hernandez [Video] DBS Exclusive: ‘Growing Up Hip Hop’ Cast Talk Peen Picks, Yo Gotti Sliding In Angela Simmons’ DM’s, And More [Video] If You Missed It Last Night… Here’s Why You Need To Watch The PBS Black Panther Party Documentary Film [Video] #LHHNY’s Amina Buddafly Talks Peter Gunz “I Never Took Him Back After Impregnating Tara” [Video] Wendy Williams’ Hot Topics Grammy Recap: Says Rihanna Pulled Out Because She’s Scared Of Beyonce! [Video]  Floyd Mayweather‘s baby mama says he’s still knocking down her beat up box even though he’s dating model Miss Jackson! Floyd Mayweather’s baby mama Jose Harris decided to be petty and posted very intimate photo of her coupled up with the boxer on Mother’s Day. Cute right? Nope! The champion boxer is currently dating model banger Miss Jackson, meaning your favorite boxer is caught out there!  Floyd Mayweather spent 3 months in jail on a domestic violence conviction after pummeling Josie in front of their children…  Floyd’s boo Shantel Jackson wasn’t having it and reponded by posting photos of all the stuff Floyd bought her to show exactly how much he loves her…   Hit the flip to see more of Miss Jackson’s lavish life and the “proof” that Money Mayweather makes sure she’s the first woman in his life… […] Mayweather and Harris — recently it seems –  wound up in a bed together. As he slept, Harris snapped a picture of him that was posted to Instagram on Mother’s […]  Pull Out For What? 8 Rappers Caught Up In Baby Mama Drama Comments Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Find us on YouTube Trending Search Keywords:
					
 Celebrities Topics Celebrities News Exclusives Videos Photos Info Topic Results We Broke It Here First!
Dirty Dog Diaries
Jesus Take The Wheel
New Couple???
Put on Blast
Race Matters
 2015 Bossip Awards: Couples Who Won’t Be Around Next Year [Video] 2015 Bossip Awards: STFU Category… Featuring Raven Symone, Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Meek Mill And More! 2015 Bossip Awards: Who Wins The Dirty Dog Of The Year Honors? [Video] Alano Miller & Renwick Scott Explain Color Issues In The South And Talk Characters On “Underground” [Video] Exclusive Beef Explained: Jennifer Williams Breaks Down The Problem With Claudia Jordan On “Next 15” (Don’t Be Scared) [Video] #LHHATL Exclusive: Erica Dixon Talks Restraining Order Against No-Child Support Paying Little Scrappy [Video] End Of Days: Creepy Preacher Talks New Money, Little Girl Receiving His Gifts, And Sings “How Dumb Thou Are!” [Video] Pastor Manning On Black Lives Matter Suicide “It Is A Demon Inspired Org” [Video] Brotherman’s Girlfriend Is Angry He Spent $5000 On Suicide Doors For The Cadillac [Video] Jason Derulo Drops Music Video Starring K. Michelle “Naked” [Video] VV Brown Drops Whiteface Music Video “Sacrifice” And Loses White Fans.. [Video] For Valentines Day: Meelah “Stupid In Love” [Video] Exclusive Shots Fired: Real Housewives Of Potomac’s Karen Throws Shade At Gizelle [Video] Exclusive: Stevie J Gives DBS The Real On Threesome With Mimi Faust & Joseline Hernandez [Video] DBS Exclusive: ‘Growing Up Hip Hop’ Cast Talk Peen Picks, Yo Gotti Sliding In Angela Simmons’ DM’s, And More [Video] If You Missed It Last Night… Here’s Why You Need To Watch The PBS Black Panther Party Documentary Film [Video] #LHHNY’s Amina Buddafly Talks Peter Gunz “I Never Took Him Back After Impregnating Tara” [Video] Wendy Williams’ Hot Topics Grammy Recap: Says Rihanna Pulled Out Because She’s Scared Of Beyonce! [Video]   Every condom-allergic rapper dreams of having a stress-free relationship with their baby mama(s) like Weezy which rarely ever happens, in life. With so many different birth control options available in 2013, it’s amazing that rappers continue to roll the dice with psychotic groupies and money-thirsty jump-offs who only want the fame, fortune and nothing else. Here are eight rappers caught up (or recovering) from baby mama drama. Take a look.  50 Cent  First, the messy Rap diva was accused of assaulting his secret baby mama (Daphne Joy) that no one knew existed then lashed out at his own son with baby mama #1 (Shaniqua Tompkins) via text.  Beef with both baby mamas at the same damn time? Only 50, who once dissed the entire industry and was nearly assassinated.  Future  The golden-voiced rapper/crooner’s trio of thirsty baby mamas (yes, THREE) love interrupting his body parties with Ciara to demand more cash based on his stardom. STRESSFUL.  Nas  Carmen Bryan is Hip-Hop baby mama royalty who refuses to let the legendary father of their daughter live without publicly spewing venom.  Forever scorned? Hell yea.  Rick Ross  The sloppy Rap walrus’ scorned baby mama Tia joined forces with arch nemesis 50 to end his career by spilling unsweetened tea in a raggedy tell-all book and failed, miserably.   Flo-Rida  He may be filthy rich off 12-year-old white girl money, but cheap when it comes to paying child support for his alleged 2-year-old that he denied was his. According to legal docs (acquired by TMZ), he is NOT the father despite Gloria’s claims but hasn’t been officially cleared by the Florida court.   Akon  The fertile father of a village worth of kids is always embroiled in baby mama warfare over cash. In fact, he was JUST sued for more child support in May.  Scrappy  There’s nothing healthy about your linebacker-built mother and her wet & wavy wig-helmet trying to fade your baby mama on national TV, but it happened (in slow motion), and ruined his already stressful relationship with baby mama Erica.  Layzie Bone  The “other light-skinned one not named Bizzy” from iconic Hip-Hop group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony knocked up a woman while married and ignored her until she fought for child support and involved the courts. If anything, HE created his own baby mama drama. Reblogged this on City Press.  Evelyn Lozada Already Knows About Carl Crawford’s Other Baby Mama, Amy Freeman Rihanna Had a Huge Meltdown Before the Grammys, and That’s Why She Canceled Her Performance? Watch “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Episode 3 Minnie From “Little Women Atlanta” Pregnant With Pastor Troy’s Baby Taylor Swift Responded to Kanye West in the Best Way Possible at the Grammys Watch Justin Bieber’s 2016 Grammys Performance (ft. Skrillex & Diplo): “Love Yourself” and “Where Are Ü Now” MORE POP CULTURE LIKE US ON FACEBOOK Evelyn Lozada shocked us all when she announced that she was having a baby, and when folks found out who the father was — MLB player Carl Crawford — they immediately got to digging, and discovered that Ev’s new baby daddy isn’t exactly “NEW” to this whole fatherhood thing. Not only does Carl have a 10-year-old son from another relationship, but he also just had ANOTHER baby over the summer by a woman named Amy Freeman — the mother of his first child (see below).  Evelyn is about six months pregnant, so if Carl just had a baby about six months ago, that would mean that Ev got pregnant either right before or soon after the birth of Carl’s new baby. But what about those “sources” who told TMZ that she and Carl had been seeing each other for “almost a year” and their relationship had gotten “serious?” A relationship can’t be that “serious” if a guy has a baby with one woman around the same time he impregnates another. Hold up, wait a minute. Let me put some pimpin’ in it … before you start getting messy with that information and have Evelyn looking at Carl like this:  Bossip did their homework and confirmed that while Crawford did have a baby recently, he isn’t a cheater and Evelyn isn’t a home-wrecker. According to our source Carl was single when Amy, who is mother to his 10-year-old son, became pregnant with their newest baby. The two were not dating and according to our source, Crawford believed Amy was on the pill — because that’s what she told him! Carl and Amy have not dated or lived together in over seven years, and this latest child was the result of an offhand, one-time incident where the pair were just being consenting adults having sex. Evelyn didn’t even come into the picture until much later. I see … said the blind man who never saw. The good news is that Evelyn Lozada is his new baby mama. The bad news? Well, there is none! There are a lot of guys out there — including this guy! **points at self** — who would love to have babies with a woman like Evelyn Lozada. Just ask Chad Ochocinco. He tried, but failed, miserably. Just don’t make the same mistakes, playa! Check out Locked Up: Celebs Who Have Done Hard Time  by Gossip On This at Mode Carl Crawford is the dumbest man that has ever lived. Didn’t      learn when she stole Antoine’s money or when she used 85. WHAT AN IDIOT You’re so right  And whoever wrote this article is not too bright as well.  Because they’re saying, “Any man is lucky to have a baby with Evelyn.”  WOW!  What morals!!! Whatever happened to getting married and having kids with one person? Between them they got 2 women 2 men and four kids with broken families. The devil is busy, God has got to be tired of man’s charade. Read the book of Revelations in the Bible mans time is running short. Whoever wrote this article is a real fool. A baby with a psychotic, violent, supergroupie? Really ? Those are your ambitions? She bankrupts Walker then dumps him, destroys Ochos career and spends an entire season catawailing on TV about him, in the meantime she was porking Carl Crawford and probably everything else she could find with a contract. Wait…. Did Eve or her cronies write his article?. What? This woman has her own money!! She’s got a book. She’s on TV. She has a store. “Destroy Ocho’s career?” How? He did that all by himself; starting with that stupid name! These athletes don’t get to play house; and then embarrass women… for free~ like a broke man can. M’Kay??? Evelyn can ‘poke’ whoever she wants. Is she to be vilified just because she’s pretty? What? Pretty women with real hair aren’t supposed to have sex drives?? And if they can bag a hard body with money…. they shouldn’t because??? Yes, she has violent streak. She’s working on it… nobody’s perfect. What’s really your problem??? Are you not pretty?? You can’t poke who you want? I don’t get it! Great response Evelyn (CommonSense)! You are so creative. Get a real life you super groupie. Normally, I wouldn’t give you a response…but damn! How’s a person responding to an article from 2013 telling anybody else to ‘get a real life’?? Try to keep up, okay? Evelyn I wrote it because I knew YOU WOULD respond. You ain’t foolin nobody. You can try to change your image but your reputation will always remain the same. LOL!!! Hilarious love me, because I’ve fooled you. I wouldn’t mind being Evelyn, for the money and access to great parties. But my own life is got me so amazed. Can’t wait to see what I’m up to next… Anyway, you take good care! You’re pretty funny…of course you wouldn’t mind being who you are Ev. That’s all you talk about when you defend yourself on social media. “Oh the money money money and all the women who would love to be in your shoes because you f&%$ athletes”. You might want to change that up. It’s getting old like you. Can’t wait to see how your life turns out. Anyway, you take good care too! She was busy abusing women her whole career, Ocho was stupid to get nvolved with her, because she is a groupie looking for a rich athlete. She has trapped Crawford now, what an idiot. Why anyone would want a part of that gene pool is a mystery, let’s hope Crawford takes an active part in raising this child. .. If it inherits her morals it would be so sad…. Evelyn is pure scum. “The bad news? Well, there is none!”? Really, what about when you just said, “this latest child was the result of an offhand, one-time incident where the pair were just being consenting adults having sex.”? I’m sure that child will feel fantastic that you called him that… Read more: Evelyn Lozada Already Knows About Carl Crawford’s Other Baby Mama, Amy Freeman Dear Carl, Please do not let the checks be late. love, Evelyn This article is played! This ish ain’t true. Evelyn created this BS article and is trying to get people to believe she is the victim when Carls baby mama Amy and kids are the victim. We could be friends, but you playing. Go on ahead and hit that “Like” button!   Real Talk: Can We Please Stop Using the Term ‘Baby Mama’? 13 Jaw-Dropping Gorgeous Beauty Looks from the Grammy Awards  Girls About Town: Our Favorite Celebs Taking Over New York Fashion Week in Style  Chloé and Halle Bailey Talk Working With Beyoncé  RELATED STORIES: It’s 7:30 a.m. on New Year’s Day. I’m in Johannesburg, talking about relationships with a guy, a friend of a friend, I met earlier in the night. As in the United States, it’s impossible for a mixed group to get together and the conversation not turn that way. This guy is talking about how his father’s two divorces have affected his outlook on dating. He’s getting pretty deep in his feelings, which doesn’t surprise me given the amount of liquor consumed in our revelry. I’m listening with undivided interest until he calls his own mother and his stepmother “baby mamas.” “Ex-wives, you mean?” I say it the same way you would correcting a kid who has used improper grammar.  He looks at me funny because he doesn’t get it. “Same thing, no?”No. It’s not the same thing. A wife is a married woman. An ex-wife is a formerly married woman. And “baby mama”? It started out being a demeaning term for a woman who has a child by a man she was not married to and where the “relationship” between the pair was just sex. It quickly evolved to a description of any unmarried woman who had a child. I’ve always hated it for erasing the idea of any commitment that may have once existed between a couple and reducing it only to functions related to the child. (For clarity, I hate “baby daddy” too, and for the same reason.) This hood term went mainstream circa 2008, when Universal released Baby Mama starring Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Unfortunately, it’s become a catch-all to describe all mothers — including married moms. Take the guy above, who unironically called his own mother one. Or recall Fox News going way-out ignorant during the 2008 election and referring to then-would-be FLOTUS as “Obama’s Baby Mama.” Fox News didn’t exactly apologize, but the senior vice president of programming acknowledged “a producer on the program exercised poor judgment.” You think? I thought again about how insulting the term was upon hearing the way Kanye West announced that his girlfriend, Kim Kardashian, is pregnant. On December 30, he declared to his concert audience, “Make noise for my baby mama.” I suppose “baby mama” is better than “perfect bitch,” West’s previous accolade for Kardashian, but it’s still pretty bad. Wouldn’t “my girlfriend” have been just as accurate? No matter the current relationship status between a couple — married, divorced, committed, etc. — at some point they liked and trusted each other enough to lay down together and create a child. Women should be acknowledged with respect, if not for the former relationship, if there was one, then at least for the hard work of raising a child. Demetria L. Lucas is the author of A Belle in Brooklyn: The Go-to Girl for Advice on Living Your Best Single Life (Atria), in stores now. Follow her on Twitter @abelleinbk Customer Service | E-mail Newsletter Sign-up | Subscribe to Essence | Give a Gift of Essence | Change Your Address | Renew Your Subscription | Pay Your Bill | Questions & Comments Bios | Contact Us | Essence Crosswords | Job Opportunities | Internships | Media Kit | Our Company | Site Map | Writer's Guidelines | Magazine Tablet Edition Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Network. © 2016 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES   
Pauly D to His Baby Mama: Stop Tweeting Me
 
Aubrey O’Day And Pauly D Are Dating, World Possibly Ending
 
LISTEN: Be Blessed with Twitter’s #KanyeAnalPlaylist
 
Justin Bieber Tries to Slide in Ariana Grande’s DMs, and She Wants No Parts
 
Not Even Iggy Azalea’s Label Has Faith in Iggy Azalea
 
Golden Globe-Winning Actress Lady Gaga Was the Most Talked About Star of the Night
 
Update: The Nicki Minaj/Farrah Abraham Twitter Fight You Never Knew You Needed
 
See Kim Kardashian’s Secret Trick to Perky Red Carpet Cleavage
 
Top 7 Facial Moisturizer Picks, Plus the Best Amazon Deals of the Day
 
North West Is Officially Over Her Glamorous Lifestyle
 
2016 Grammy Awards: Rihanna Cancels Performance at the Last Minute
 
Did Kris Jenner Help O.J. Simpson Hide Evidence and Get Away with…
 
Lil Wayne -- Gives Strippers Healthy Tip (VIDEO)
 
Kanye West -- I Made This Magician Famous (VIDEO)
 
Take a Peek Inside Disneyland’s Dream Suite!
 
Beyoncé and Jay Z Showed PDA, Danced to ‘Formation’ at Grammys 2016 Afterparty
 
Val Kilmer Spotted Without Breathing Device In London
 
Bow Wow's Grammys Fail Was So Perfectly Awkward
 Recommended for you Around The Web MOST VIEWED Sign Up For The Latest Celebuzz News 
Partner Links
 
Top Photos
 
You'll Love   Pauly D’s baby mama Amanda Markert has resorted to trying to get his attention via Twitter. But he wants nothing to do with her or her family who keep sending him messages to meet in-person. And it’s getting out of hand, said a source close to the DJ.  Pauly’s one-time Hooters girl baby mama recently posted her pleas publicly:    And that’s not all. Her friends and family are getting in on the online action. “Her family keeps tweeting him to come over for Halloween or Thanksgiving so they can meet him. It’s like a Pauly D meet-and-greet,” said the source. In one message to Pauly it reads, “He’s invited to come trick or treat. Why is he so negative. Come see your baby,” even adding he can “hide in costume.” Another bizarre message asks him to mail a personalized cardboard cutout to 5-month-old Amabella: “At least send a car board cut out of yourself so Amabella can get used to your face.” While another begs him to visit Amanda and her fam, “WE ARE WAITING,” it reads. And they attempt to paint his one night stand in a good light by writing she’s “patient and calm. Your not giving this a chance.” “We are awesome and fun. A new kind of fun for you. You will be in love at first sight.” But Pauly is simply turning it over to his legal team. “He wants them to stop,” said the source. “It’s embarrassing and it looks desperate. He’s hired a lawyer and taking this seriously. This is not going to be played out in social media. “He’s just ignoring them and is not going to answer. He’s just letting his lawyer know what’s going on. “He thinks he’s now involved in this horrible family. He doesn’t want to have anything to do with them, but wants to be involved in his little girl’s life.” This is actually just giving him one more reason to want to take care of baby Amabella full-time. “He’s going after full custody because he doesn’t know her,” said the source. So far he’s asked for visitation three times, which Amanda has denied. “He does want to reach a compromise so he can meet Amabella and know her sleeping schedule and feeding schedule so he can take care of her,” said the source. “He wants to spend time with his baby, not with her mom.” So here’s the backstory. The two met at a daytime pool party in Las Vegas where they hooked up (and Pauly understood she was on birth control), according to our source. Two weeks later she contacted Pauly to let him know she was pregnant. “They discussed having an abortion because he didn’t even know this girl, and then she fell off the face of the earth.” According to the source, Amanda contacted him after she gave birth to their little girl and… get this… wanted money for her silence. “She requested money in exchange for her signing a confidentiality agreement not to say he was the father,” said the source. “But that’s not what Pauly wanted. He told her he didn’t want to pay her off because he wants to have a relationship with his baby.” A call to Amanda’s attorney was not returned. And so the baby mama drama will most definitely continue.  Pauly D's Baby Mama -- History of Domestic Violence ... Bloodied Ex-BF in Brutal Fist Fight 
Pauly D's Baby Mama
History of Domestic Violence 
Bloodied Ex-BF in Brutal Fist Fight
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS See also You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          12/3/2013 12:40 AM PST BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  Baby Mama to Pauly D -- Don't Take Our Little Girl, I Want a Peace Treaty 
Baby Mama to Pauly D
Don't Take Our Little Girl
I Want a Peace Treaty
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          10/25/2013 5:40 AM PDT BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…