  Meek Mill Says His Baby Mama Is A “Bum” Photos Latest Listen Live Rickey Smiley Morning Show DJs Hot 107.9 Playlist On-Air Schedule Hot 107.9 Mixers Local Music Local News Community Bullying Is Not Hot #InAtlantaBusiness Entertainment News Exclusive Interviews New Music Photos Videos Audio Frequency TV Lifestyle So Beautiful Features Elev8 Health Recipes Techy WTF HOT STRIP ATL Birthday Bash 20 Join Our Text Club Advertise With Radio One Contact Us Internships Why The Whole World F*ck's  With @BrysonTiller [GALLERY] #NYFWNoir: Transform Your Hair From The Office To… Every Behind The Scenes Photo You Missed On… Every Behind The Scenes Photo You Missed On… Try This Total Body Workout With Lisa Tanker [VIDEO] Lisa Tanker Shares 2 Minute Cardio Fat Burning… Lisa Tanker Shows How To Workout Using Resistance… 
								1. 1662663_1507720959530159_1603871769_n							 
								2. T R A P S O U L, Euro Tour. tickets go on sale this Friday 9:00AM BST www.trapsoul.com							 
								3. enough							 
								4. black ops madness continues.							 
								5. xbox crew since youth LOOOL							 
								6. throwback to when she hated water							 
								7. miami bless.							 
								8. 12362275_901981513255549_360860107_n							 
								9. 📓🖊							 
								10. traditional							 
								11. @losangelesconfidential @tunjitunji @neildominique							 
								12. 10955438_738325582965009_1389473013_n							 
								13. she wanted me to sign her breasts LOL							 
								14. @bigsean							 
								15. London Nights. this is my jet-lagged & stoned at the same time face.							 Why The Whole World F*ck's  With @BrysonTiller [GALLERY] Follow “Hot 107.9” MariaMore.com MariaMore.com MariaMore.com Also On Hot 107.9: Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2015, Interactive One, LLC	. All Rights Reserved - iOne Millenial. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP 3 years ago  Meek Mill had a “moment” on instagram labeling his child’s mother as a bum. Meek posted this photo saying that he just gave his baby’s mom 11K and apparently that wasn’t enough. After giving it some thought, he deleted the photo (but not before we were able to get a screen shot)     There was an error retrieving images from Instagram. An attempt will be remade in a few minutes. Posted 6 hours ago. Posted 1 day ago. Posted 1 day ago. Posted 8 hours ago. Posted 1 week ago. Posted 2 weeks ago. Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2015, Interactive One, LLC	. All Rights Reserved - iOne Millenial. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.  Join 70,445 other followers               
        Baby Mama Drama

     Popular Baby Mama Drama Books Writing Tagged "Baby Mama Drama" Welcome back. Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account.  Lil Wayne Must Have That HAMMA!!!!!!!! 3 Of His Baby Mama’s Attend His Daughter’s Birthday Party! Videos Latest Rickey Smiley Morning Show Jesse Salazar Veda Loca J. Kruz Black History Now Dallas Marketplace Music Playlist Raising the Bar Beat in the Streets Videos The Beat’s Instagram Gallery! Current Contests Contest Rules About Us Advertise with Us Join Our Text Club Megan Good Is Out Here Being Devon Franklin’s Rib: Our Favorite Photos Of The Couple Lil Wayne Must Have That HAMMA!!!!!!!! 3 Of… 
								1. 							 
								2. The Franklins bring in the New Year.							 
								3. One of the most beautiful usies ever.							 
								4. That slow motion love kiss.							 
								5. That looking blessed love.							 
								6. Check out their matching red outfits.							 
								7. Check out this adorable “we are looking in the same direction” picture.							 
								8. The couple works together too.							 
								9. So cute!							 
								10. A couple that flies together, stays together.							 
								11. The sun is glowing, just like their love.							 Megan Good Is Out Here Being Devon Franklin’s Rib: Our Favorite Photos Of The Couple Follow “97.9 The Beat” Also On 97.9 The Beat: Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC	. All Rights Reserved - iOne Millennial. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP 3 years ago According to necolebitchie.com:  Even though her daddy is known to do it big when it comes to throwing a  party, Lil Wayne and Toya Wright’s daughter Reginae kept it cute and simple with  a roller skating party to celebrate her 14th birthday yesterday. The birthday  girl was all smiles as she celebrated with family and friends while enjoying a  three-tiered birthday cake and her gifts  which included a puppy and jewelry. Some famous friends were in the building, too, including the OMG Girlz, Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta‘s Rasheeda, Real Housewives of  Atlanta‘s Kandi Burruss, Chuckee from Young Money, and Wayne’s mama Ms. Cita. Sidenote: You have to love how Lil Wayne has no baby mama drama and all of  his kids mothers get along.  Toya Wright, Nivea and Lauren London all  mingled happily together at the party and posed for pics together.  Love  it!  Toya Wright, Lauren London, Nivea all have children by Lil Wayne. Check out more photos below:   RaSheeda and family  Toya Wright and Lil Wayne’s son, Dewayne Carter III   Read more:  Necole Bitchie.com: Lil Wayne, Toya Wright, Lauren London, Nivea & More Celebrate Reginae’s 14th Birthday http://www.necolebitchie.com/2012/11/30/lil-wayne-toya-wright-lauren-london-nivea-more-celebrate-reginaes-14th-birthday/#ixzz2DosMnGv2   Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC	. All Rights Reserved - iOne Millennial. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.  Join 225,619 other followers    Ne-Yo's Ex-Baby Mama Threatens Legal Action ... You Blabbed, Time to Pay! 
Ne-Yo's Ex-Baby Mama 
Threatens Legal Action ... 
You Blabbed, Time to Pay!
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS See also You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          12/23/2012 11:23 AM PST BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…  Baby mama drama   What would you do Baby mama drama   What would you do  Mike Epps Compares His Daughter to Bobbi Kristina, and His Baby Mama to James Brown [VIDEO] Rihanna Had a Huge Meltdown Before the Grammys, and That’s Why She Canceled Her Performance? Watch “The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story” Episode 3 Minnie From “Little Women Atlanta” Pregnant With Pastor Troy’s Baby Taylor Swift Responded to Kanye West in the Best Way Possible at the Grammys Watch Justin Bieber’s 2016 Grammys Performance (ft. Skrillex & Diplo): “Love Yourself” and “Where Are Ü Now” MORE POP CULTURE LIKE US ON FACEBOOK  Mike Epps  cut a fool on 107.5’s “The Morning Riot” in Chicago During his visit, Mike spoke out on his previous feud with his 18-year-old daughter Bria, claiming she is turning into Bobbi Kristina. He also cracked jokes on her mother (his baby mama before he made it big) calling her a James Brown look-a-like.  Watch the hilarious interview below:  Check out Locked Up: Celebs Who Have Done Hard Time  by Gossip On This at Mode We could be friends, but you playing. Go on ahead and hit that “Like” button!   “I Wanna Be a Baby Mama.” Why Poor Women Put Motherhood Before Marriage Best Interracial Dating Resources For Black Women Beyond Black & White Chronicles, Musings and Debates about Interracial & Intercultural Relationships March 5, 2012 | Jamila Akil |  Choosing to have a child is not an entirely rational choice, it is also an emotional choice. Until people realize that there is more than just a rational, straightforward cost-benefit analysis that goes into the decision to have unprotected sex, to get an abortion, or to give birth to a child knowing full-well that you can’t feed and clothe the child without crossing your fingers and wishing for the best, there will be those who claim that poor black (and non-black mothers) are immoral and lacking in good judgement. Personally, I can think of concrete, worthwhile reasons to not get pregnant right now: I want to graduate with my bachelor’s degree in a few months and don’t want the added stress of figuring out where I can access prenatal care; I want to attend graduate school for an MBA in the near future; I want to married before having any more children; I think that I can get a pretty great man to marry me, but the quality of the man I can get will necessarily decrease as my own ‘baggage’ increases; I want to move around a bit–both nationally and internationally–for the next five or six years and I would not be able to do that with a small child in tow. What reasons does a poor young woman in the hood or trailer park have to avoid getting pregnant? Sure, she could dream of a life outside of her poor surroundings, she can imagine getting married to a wonderful man and having kids with her husband. But what if no one tells her that this is the reality that she should aspire to, and furthermore, what if she doesn’t think that reality–a great husband and kids, all living happily in the ‘burbs–will ever be a reality for her? A poor woman with only a high school diploma or some college only has the option of dating, mating, and relating to men who are on the same level in life as she is. The men that this poor young woman is able to date probably lack job opportunities, don’t have enough education to get a high-paying job, might possess a juvenile criminal record. These are the men available to her, so these are the men she dates. For a teenager or young women in her twenties, there are reasons why having a baby without a reliable partner seem feasible. By having a child when she is young, the chances that she and her baby will be in good health throughout the pregnancy are higher than if she were older, she also has an abundance of family members who are also relatively young to help her raise the baby. Women choose to bring children into the world in untenable situations because they are looking for someone to love, who will love them back. A young woman whose only dating options are thugs knows that these thugs don’t love her, but if she has a baby then that baby will give her love. A baby will give her the chance to have something to be responsible for, a baby will be a chance to show how mature she is, a baby will give her something to do with herself other than the option of sitting around the house being lonely or laying up in bed with a thug. So what does she do? She makes the decision to have a baby. My pastor once told me that as Christians our first ministry is our home. We can’t come to church to minister to anyone and our own home is a mess. To paraphrase him, there are too many church women spending an exorbitant amount of time in church–attending every church meeting, chairing every church organization, throwing fifty-dollar offerings up on the altar in the hopes that Jesus will bring them a husband–when their own daughters are out running the streets looking for someone to love them, to give them a hug and tell them they are beautiful. Well, if Mama is too busy in church to tell you she loves you and Daddy isn’t around, that leaves the thugs. And the thugs will always tell you whatever they need to tell you to get you to do what they want you to do; but for girls with low enough self-esteem, they don’t need to be told anything at all–they imagine that providing sex will get a man to provide them with love. Girls who are trading sex for what they hope will be a return offering of companionship and love are wrong in their assumption, but they don’t feel that other options are available to them. Is it reasonable to assume that poor women can be expected to forgo the pleasures of child-rearing, the love and companionship of a child, the sense of responsibility and maturity that rearing a child develops in a parent, when these same women don’t see a middle-class lifestyle where children come after marriage as being an attainable reality? Bashing poor unwed mothers is fashionable and suits our cultural beliefs that personal failings are always the fault of the individual, that our personal failings have little to no relationship to the options available to the individual or the cultural milieu that creates those options. None of us makes choices in a vacuum. We all do a complex calculus–using logic and emotions–to make a decision. If we want poor women to stop having babies in less than ideal circumstances then we need to make the young men who are available for these women to date better partners, and we need to give these women reasons to wait to commence childbearing. In order for women to put marriage before motherhood, they will need good reasons that are clearly understandable–from their point of view–for doing so. Until those reasons materialize, you can expect the motherhood before marriage to continue. Filed Under: Editorial Staff, Family Tagged With: #nwnw, baby mama, no wedding no womb, single parenthood, unwed mothers Check out BB&W; Kids, the first major website celebrating multiracial, multicultural and inter religious families!  What are some of the best sites out there for black women open to interracial dating? Despite the negativity about black women dating out or being “unwanted,” there are men of all races who think we are divine. Let’s focus on where we are wanted! Here are a few we've found from the BB&W; archives. Click for our Interracial Dating Resources. Copyright © 2016 · Runway Pro on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in   Baby Mama Related Videos Californication S2 E1: For Now Californication S2 E11: Finger Prints Californication S2 E11: Under Estimated Californication S1: A Sit-Down with Madeline Zima Californication S1: A Sit-Down with Tom Kapinos Californication S1: A Sit-Down with Evan Handler 
Log In
 
Californication, Season 2, Episode 1: Hank has to turn down an old flame. 
See All Season 2 Videos
Order Now
 By viewing our video content you are accepting the terms of our Video Services Policy. This website is intended for viewing solely in the United States and its territories and possessions. This website may contain adult content. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Closed Captioning | Mobile User Agreement © 2016 Showtime Networks Inc. and Showtime Digital Inc. All rights reserved.  YOU MAY ALSO LIKE FIND TV ONE MORE BLOGS 




 Leave a Reply Cancel reply 3 HWGA MOMENTS YOU NEVER WANT TO EXPERIENCE... Kendrick Lamar: Blackest Moment At The&nbsp...; R.I.P. Vanity — Denise Matthews Passe... 
One of Floyd Mayweather’s baby mamas may have forgiven him for the violent incident that led to him going to jail, but another disturbance with another one of his child bearers may put him back there. 

The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports:
Las Vegas police last week responded to a 911 call made by a woman who said she was in a "verbal altercation" with the champion boxer.
After the argument , Mayweather fled with at least one of the unidentified victim’s personal possessions.
Police records show the incident happened about 2 a.m. Sept. 9 at 10059 Baystone St., near Southern Highlands, where the boxer lives.
Melissa Brim, the mother of Mayweather’s daughter, lives at that address, according to public records.
Brim, 32, has had past violent run-ins with the boxer, including two incidents that resulted in Mayweather pleading guilty to two counts of domestic battery in 2002.
Officers went to the home, which is owned by a Mayweather company, PMG Sinclair LLC, and found no signs of physical violence, police spokeswoman Laura Meltzer said. A Mayweather associate later returned the victim’s possessions, and the victim declined to press charges, Meltzer said.
It’s unclear whether the incident will affect Mayweather’s probation. 
I know this guy can afford an anger management class, life coach, and has enough star power to book an appearance on Iyanla, Fix My Life. What is the problem.
(The views contained herein are solely the views of their respective authors, and do not express the views of TV One. TV One does not take responsibility for their content.)
















 One of Floyd Mayweather’s baby mamas may have forgiven him for the violent incident that led to him going to jail, but another disturbance with another one of his child bearers may put him back there. 
 The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports: Las Vegas police last week responded to a 911 call made by a woman who said she was in a "verbal altercation" with the champion boxer. After the argument , Mayweather fled with at least one of the unidentified victim’s personal possessions. Police records show the incident happened about 2 a.m. Sept. 9 at 10059 Baystone St., near Southern Highlands, where the boxer lives. Melissa Brim, the mother of Mayweather’s daughter, lives at that address, according to public records. Brim, 32, has had past violent run-ins with the boxer, including two incidents that resulted in Mayweather pleading guilty to two counts of domestic battery in 2002. Officers went to the home, which is owned by a Mayweather company, PMG Sinclair LLC, and found no signs of physical violence, police spokeswoman Laura Meltzer said. A Mayweather associate later returned the victim’s possessions, and the victim declined to press charges, Meltzer said. It’s unclear whether the incident will affect Mayweather’s probation.  I know this guy can afford an anger management class, life coach, and has enough star power to book an appearance on Iyanla, Fix My Life. What is the problem. (The views contained herein are solely the views of their respective authors, and do not express the views of TV One. TV One does not take responsibility for their content.) 
    3 HWGA MOMENTS YOU NEVER WANT TO EXPERIENCE…AGAIN   
    Kendrick Lamar: Blackest Moment At The Grammys   Enter your zip code tofind TV One in your area. Last night’s episode of our hit sitcom, “Here We Go Again,” revealed the lemons that life often hands us. Forget making lemonade, we never want to experience these moments again! Here are three scenarios we…  The 2016 Grammys are over and Taylor Swift did it again — we can’t stop singing her song ‘Out Of The Woods.’ Kendrick Lamar left us with our fists waving in the air as he…  Before Rhianna or Nicki got freaky on stage, it was Prince protege Denise Matthews — also known as Vanity — who got dudes thirsty with her hit “Nasty Girl.” We got news Monday night after…  You must be logged in to post a comment.  Denise Richards Taking Care Of Charlie Sheen’s Twins After Baby Mama Goes To Rehab! Listen Live More From 99.5 WYCD Detroit's Best Country The still troubled Brooke Mueller has asked Charlie Sheen’s ex wife Denise Richards to care for her and twin boys, while she tries rehab for the 19th time. While Denise has been portrayed as somewhat of an airhead, she obviously the 41-year-old mom of three has a heart of gold and agreed to care for 3-year-old Bob & Max, along with her 3 children while Mueller is in rehab, As for why Charlie isn’t caring for his own children … Apparently he doesn’t have time, because he’s shooting “Anger Management.” So Denise will care for Bob and Max for “an indefinite period of time.” Denise has been supporting Mueller through her drug battles and multiple rehab stints in recent years, and previously took care of Sheen’s boys while mum stayed at a wellness center to aid her recovery earlier this year.  Richards has two children of her own with Sheen, daughters Lola and Sam, and she adopted baby girl Eloise last year. The actors split in 2006 and Sheen went on to marry Mueller in 2008. They divorced in 2011. Denise Richards has steadfastly been supportive of Charlie, refusing to badmouth him during his own periods of trouble, which seems pretty admirable to me. Most exes would jump at the opportunity to kick an ex while they are down. Do you have a super great relationship with an ex that surprises everyone, including you?
http://cbswycd2.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/nice-exes.mp3 Listen Live  NBA’s Chris Bosh Wins BIG Against Baby Mama  
								PolitickerOne  Trending  
								Top Ten  Recommended Top Ten Videos to watch Wildin’ Out Wednesday: What The Hell Were They… The Best Apps To Help You Keep Resolutions Courting The Black Vote: Are Candidates Taking The… Mass Shootings Erupt In January 2016, Many Incidents… U.S. Marshals Arrest Man For Outstanding Federal Student… Bridging The Gap: Black Lives Matter And The… New Film Celebrates Legacy Of The Black Panthers Obama Vows To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy Experts Pen Open Letter Requesting Gov. Snyder Establish… Cleveland Mayor Apologizes For $500 Ambulance Charge Guilty Of Manslaughter WTH?! Thursday: Woman Wrecks Her Own Car While… NYPD Cops First To Testify Before Federal Grand… $500 For Tamir Rice's Last Ambulance Ride? Wildin’ Out Wednesday With Actress/Comedian Kym Whitley White Feminists Attack Beyonce For Being Left Out… Black Teen Who Volunteered For Donald Trump’s Iowa… DOJ Sues Ferguson Over Police Misconduct, Proposed Reforms Trump & Sanders Win New Hampshire Primaries Danielle Nicolet Talks Season 2 Of TV One’s… Where Is Donald Trump's Jobs Plan? "Crushing Anxiety" NewsOne Now NAACP Image Awards Recap: Big Winners,… “It’s Called Show Business, It Should Be Called… Stars React To The Passing Of Earth, Wind… Justice League NYC Talks Social Justice, Police Accountability… #FlintWaterCrisis: Judge Greg Mathis Likens Poisoning Of An… Criminal Case Against Bill Cosby Will Move Forward GA Lawmaker Defends KKK, Then Withdraws Name From… Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015 Ben Crump: Holtzclaw Victory Barely Skims The Surface… Stay Informed: 6 Things You Need To Know… The Myth, The Legend, The Star? Why We… Roe v. Wade Turns 43 & Women Are… 
								1. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Viola Davis Wins an Emmy for HTGWM							 
								2. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Misty Copeland’s “I Will, What I Want” Commercial							 
								3. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Zendaya and Amandla Read The Girls For Filth							 
								4. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: The Year of The Black Cover Girl							 
								5. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Common and John Legend at the Oscars							 
								6. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Cicely Tyson Scratching Viola Davis’ Scalp on ‘HTGAWM’							 
								7. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Tristan Wilds in the Adele Video							 
								8. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Grace Jones’ AfroPunk Performance							 
								9. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Beyonce’s Met Gala Dress							 
								10. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: The Throning of Queen Serena							 
								11. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Missy Elliot’s Super Bowl Halftime Performance							 
								12. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: That Bill Cosby ‘EBONY’ Cover							 
								13. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Dem Patty Pies							 
								14. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: The Rise of ‘Empire’							 
								15. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Drake Demolishes the Internet							 
								16. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: “Miley, What’s Good?”							 
								17. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Ava DuVernay’s Barbie Sells Out in 17 Minutes							 
								18. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: John Boyega Stays Drinking White Tears							 
								19. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Everything Black Twitter Did							 
								20. Worst Moments In Pop Culture Moments Of 2015							 Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015 Also On News One: Clinton & Trump Dominate Polls Ahead Of South… Supreme Court Justice Battle Obama Vows To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy Trump Supporters File Birther Lawsuit Against Cruz Courting The Black Vote: Are Presidential Candidates Taking The Right Approach In Appealing To African-Americans? Michelle Obama Takes A Stand On Mental Health In Compelling Op-Ed President Obama: “Mr. Trump Will Not Be President” Mass Shootings Erupt In January 2016, Many Incidents Went Under-Reported Attorneys Request Special Prosecutor In Laquan McDonald Case Florida Teen Arrested For Impersonating A Doctor After Performing Exam On Undercover Cop Get Informed! 4 Charged In Shooting Of Minneapolis Black Lives… Welcome To The New & Improved NewsOne The Most Dangerous Religious Extremists Hail From The… Black Women Rape Victims Are Under Assault During… Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP 3 years ago An Orlando judge recently ruled in NBA star Chris Bosh’s (pictured left) favor, regarding child support payments. After being able to defend his claim that he does indeed live in Texas, rather than Florida, Bosh was able to side step paying baby mama, Allison Mathis (pictured)  a whopping $30,000 a month, according to the Miami Herald. SEE ALSO: Katt Williams: I’m UNretired! The couple’s child support battle has been going on for three years over their three-year-old daughter, Trinity (pictured below). Mathis, who lived with Bosh when he played for the Toronto Raptors, conceived their child with the help of fertility treatments. Since living together for two years and going their separate ways when Mathis was six months pregnant, it has been a nonstop bitter public feud between the exes. Mathis aired her business when she told the media about her job loss, saying that she had to go on welfare to apply for food stamps and was  facing foreclosure due to the “paltry” $2,600 monthly amount Bosh doles out for child support. Bosh, who got married last year to Adrienne Williams and who also has a 7-month-old son, fired back at Mathis for smearing his good name and implying that he is not a good provider for his child.  The Miami Heat power forward even threatened to sue Mathis for invading his privacy, when she released their pregnancy videotape to various media outlets. Bosh, who claims to have given Mathis $250,000 in 2010, said he pays for the child’s medical and dental insurance, which was not court mandated.  The 6’11” baller also covers all preschool expenses and supplies and school extracurricular and developmental activities fees. With a college fund already set up for the child, Bosh alleges that he gives Trinity plenty of emotional support as well. Meanwhile, as far as any child support increases for Mathis from her ex-$18-million-a-year man, according to Texas law, he is paying what the courts deem necessary and no adjustments to the child support order are necessary. Back in August, Bosh was grilled in court by Mathis’ attorney, Jane Carey, regarding his residency claim.  Even though Bosh’s name was purged from the Texas voting lists and he owns a $12.5 Miami Beach home, he still was able to claim Texas as his state of residency. The presiding judge, Orange County Circuit Court’s Robert Evans, says that he based his decision to allow Bosh to claim Texas as his primary home because his income tax filings were sent to the IRS from Texas. Go figure! Sound off!  From <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/22/sandra-bland-family-non-indictment/" target="_blank"><strong>Sandra Bland</strong></a> to the shootings in <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/06/20/why-is-south-carolina-using-a-judge-in-the-charleston-church-massacre-who-has-used-the-n-word-before/" target="_blank">Charleston, South Carolina</a>, African Americans were sadly reminded that being <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/13/police-brutality-2015/" target="_blank">Black in America</a> is much harder than it ought to be. And yet in the same breath, 2015 was a year of Black joy during which our culture dominated not only in our lives, but in the mainstream consciousness. From <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/07/16/lee-daniels-and-taraji-p-henson-emmy-empire/" target="_blank">Cookie Lyons</a> to the <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/10/17/ebony-editor-comments-cosby-cover/" target="_blank">Cosby <em>Ebony </em>cover</a>, our brilliance helped to push the conversation, affirm our greatness, make history and most important, make us laugh.

So to celebrate that greatness, we put together this list of the most defining Black pop culture moments of 2015. And don’t worry: <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/08/rachel-dolezal-interview/" target="_blank">Rachel Dolezal </a>is nowhere to be seen. Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
															Why you shouldn’t date a ‘baby mama’									 Baby Mamas are vulnerable Comments  Have you ever wondered why there are so many single mothers lately? Well, don’t stretch your mind so hard because it’s a no brainer. The answer is simple - modernity. Modernity came at quite a cost - it has destroyed the moral fabric of love and then it brought about the whole notion of equality. Then all of a sudden women started believing that they could be men. Believing that they could go through raising a child without a father, women started acting like the men in relationships. Thus the reason behind many breakups - everyone wants to take charge. We now have children who go to school confused. They do not know what to say when their friends ask about “Daddy” because they have someone new to call ‘Uncle’ every other month. So, it was easy when a friend came asking if he should date a woman with a child. My answer was a plain, ‘No’ and I have my reasons.You will always be number two Men will always be men and part of that includes you not playing second fiddle. But dating someone with a kid means that you will always be number two. Number one will always be the baby’s father, leaving you as an option. She might still be crazy about the baby daddy Women are very emotional creatures who attach a lot of sentiments to most things they do. So, despite the fact that she is not with the baby daddy doesn’t mean she doesn’t think about him every time she looks at the child. In most cases, she might even be trying to patch things up with him on the side. The drama  All women have drama but the ones with kids take it to another level. There will always be times when she gets into fights with the baby daddy because he doesn’t care and throw all that baggage on you. Then have you thought about the fact that the reason they are not together is because there is something crazy about this woman? Her craziness is either the reason why the guy ran away or why she decided to get pregnant with a man who has no guts to even raise his child. If you accept to be with such a woman, then that means you have agreed to be crazy as well. The heap on your plate Dating a woman with a child means you are dating two people at once. First you have to ensure that the child likes you because that is the way to the woman’s heart. There are certain things that not even love can bury like the fact that you will always miss that joy of experiencing your child coming into the world. With this kid, you will always have a fake bond because it is not yours. And the trying times will come when the baby puts a damper on your plans of hanging with the boys. In case the child has a cold, you will rush to the doctor, missing out on your precious night with the guys. If there is any type of woman that is easy to nail, then a baby mama is on top of that list. They are very vulnerable to any man they see, hoping he would become a father-figure. They are willing to try out the next best option on the pretext that “I am doing this for my child”. But the real truth is that they are afraid of being alone, afraid of raising the child on their own. So, if you are even thinking along those lines, sober up; this is not what you want.This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 //<!--
 document.getElementById('cloak43907').innerHTML = '';
 var prefix = '&#109;a' + 'i&#108;' + '&#116;o';
 var path = 'hr' + 'ef' + '=';
 var addy43907 = 'f&#101;&#117;p&#97;l' + '&#64;';
 addy43907 = addy43907 + '&#111;bs&#101;rv&#101;r' + '&#46;' + '&#117;g';
 document.getElementById('cloak43907').innerHTML += '<a ' + path + '\'' + prefix + ':' + addy43907 + '\'>' +addy43907+'<\/a>';
 //-->
 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 //<!--
 document.getElementById('cloak23843').innerHTML = '';
 var prefix = '&#109;a' + 'i&#108;' + '&#116;o';
 var path = 'hr' + 'ef' + '=';
 var addy23843 = 'p&#97;k&#117;m&#117;' + '&#64;';
 addy23843 = addy23843 + '&#111;bs&#101;rv&#101;r' + '&#46;' + '&#117;g';
 document.getElementById('cloak23843').innerHTML += '<a ' + path + '\'' + prefix + ':' + addy23843 + '\'>' +addy23843+'<\/a>';
 //-->
  This content has been locked. You can no longer post any comment.  Bizarre Love Triangle! Britney Spears’ Ex-Husband Is Dating Kevin Federline’s Baby Mama Radar's Free Newsletter Hollywood, through the Radar lens! TheDailyJuice  
 Comments Hot Photos Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Spotted Looking Tense Amid Divorce Rumors Drugs, Debt & Secret Children: Amber Portwood's Fiance's Top 11 Secrets & Scandals Teen Mom Leah Reveals Baby Bombshell: 'Wait What? Pregnant!?' 'Kocktails' Cancelled? Khloe Kardashian 'Fighting' With Producers Over Contract Inside Sherri's Surrogate Son's Sad Life: He's Sick & Calls Others Mama Kris's Lies! BFF Claims Jenner REALLY Knew About Nicole Brown's Murder In Tell-All Kenya Moore Reveals Gossip About Kim Fields' Husband Liberty Ross Remarries After Ex-Husband's Infamous Affair With Kristen Stewart Getting Cozy: Gwen Stefani Sits In Blake Shelton's Lap For Pre-Grammy Party Kanye West's Longtime Co-Writer Quits & Begs Rapper To Seek Mental Help By Radar Staff It’s not odd for celebrities’ scorned exes to find love again, but it’s bizarre and a little confusing when they end up dating someone who was the displaced ex of their former lover’s lover! Shar Jackson, the baby mama and former girlfriend of Kevin Federline, is dating Jason Alexander, Britney Spears’ first husband, and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive details about the unlikely new couple. PHOTOS: Britney Spears Confides To Jason Trawick Before Leaving X Factor Set According to a source close to the situation, Federline’s former fiancee, who he left for Spears in 2004, and Alexander, who was married to Spears for 55-hours, also in 2004, after a quickie Las Vegas ceremony, have been friends for several years, but recently decided to take their relationship to the next step. “Shar and Jason were introduced several years ago at a gifting suite in Los Angeles and have been friends ever since, but a few weeks ago they began dating,” the source reveals to RadarOnline.com exclusively. PHOTOS: Britney Spears Dances For Her Man “Shar has had a rough year after her assistant’s suicide, her best friend Yvette Wilson’s passing from cancer and her mother’s health issues. Jason stood by her side, and he gets along great with her children and has also faced a lot of the same media scrutiny that she has.” Shar and Jason even went on a family date over the weekend, bringing her two children from Kevin Federline, Kori, 10, and Caleb, 8, to the Queen Mary’s Winter CHILL exhibit on Friday night. PHOTOS: Take a Peek Inside Britney Spears Melt Down Mansion “They were cuddling and holding hands all night,” the source says about the new couple’s night out on the town. Do you think Shar Jackson and Jason Alexander’s romance will last? Sound off below.   RELATED STORIES: PHOTOS: Britney Spears Attends Son’s Little League Game Britney Spears Internet & Cell Phone Use Is ‘Restricted & Heavily Monitored’ Britney Spears’ Lawyers Set To Grill Sam Lutfi Over Courtney Love’s Bizarre Tweets PHOTOS: Britney Spears Shows Off New Manicure At X Factor Auditions  
The Modern Day Leah
 Pages Monday, July 30, 2012 Labels Popular Posts Followers About Me Search This Blog Get "Diary" Updates via Email Subscribe To "Diary" Total Pageviews Blog Archive 
Me, My Boyfriend and His "Baby Mama"...
 111 comments: Not every baby mama has drama. This one has Jesus! 
I am at a very young age and very head over heels with my boyfriend and I have tried everything in my power to make things work for all of us me, him and his baby mama but I do not know where i am going wrong 1stly I tried making it clear to my boyfriend that yes he is someone elses baby daddy but i asked for him to set boundries things like asking her not to call at akward hours of the night asking him to come over sonce we are in the same institution, i tried making small talk wit the baby mama asking about the child all my attempemts have failed until she had an outburst telling me to leave her alone and that we must leave her child out of our realtionship and that my boyfriend is forcing matters by trying to involve me in the childs life and so on and i also had my far share of outbursts because i fail to understand how i could possibly create a wprking relationship if she keeps finding fault in all my efforts
 
GirlonFire, thank you for taking the time to read and comment. Let me share some things with you to help. First, people in their mid 30's like myself have a tough time with dealing with the whole dynamic of children outside of a relationship. And I will be honest with you: it takes a high level of maturity to make a relationship like this work, and that's men and women included. Few people have the level of maturity that it takes to successfully manage this very complicated family structure. I'm not saying this to discourage you but to give you perspective. So if you decide that your love for your boyfriend is strong and you want to hang in there with this relationship, then you must be prepared to roll up your sleeves and keep working at it. Based on what you've told me, there will be many more painfully disappointing days between you, the baby mama and your BF because it sounds like there's still some issues between them that have nothing to do with you. If you want to know how difficult this may be for his baby mama, imagine that you are her. As much as you love your BF, you have his child but now the two of you are broken up. There's anger, hurt, frustration, jealousy when you see him moving on with another woman while you're the one with his child, etc. At this point, rather than telling you what to do as "the girlfriend" in this situation, I want to tell you what to do so as not to become "the baby mama".  The truth of the matter is that if you decide to have a baby with your bf (planned or unplanned)this will create an even more tense situation between all of you because now you feel as if your child with him takes priority and his first baby mama feels the same way. My advice? If you're having unprotected sex with your boyfriend, stop. And if you really want to take it to the level it needs to be, abstain completely if you aren't already. You're getting a courtside view of what happens when "romantic love" goes bad and there's a child involved. Don't ignore what you're seeing and hearing. Lastly, you are a girlfriend, not a wife. I'm not saying this to insult you but as a reminder. A lot of what you're trying to do and manage should rest on a wife's shoulders, not yours. There's no covenant of marriage involved so why are you investing in your relationship as if you're already married? My suggestion? Give ALL of them some space! You are young. You do not have children. Give your boyfriend and his baby mama their business back. They have a lot to figure out as parents that has absolutely nothing to do with you. In the meantime, you're focused on YOUR goals, your passions, and hopefully, your relationship with God. And it may be that as you take a step back and allow them to do things the way that they want to that you find a love that you can call your own that doesn't make you feel like you have to referee between two people or feel disrespected by another woman. Blessings to you sis and feel free to stay connected!
 
Hi Melissa.I am actually in the same situation but a little different. This might be long but i really need advice and help.So, first of all. My boyfriend has a 6 year old daughter with a girl he grew up with. My boyfriend told me a whole lot about there past together. The went to the same church, they even went out together when they were kids and years later got back together and only 7 months later had a baby together. I feel like I am just another girlfriend is his families eyes because his mother still has family photos of her in them, also photos of her giving birth in the hospital ect. And it bothers me and makes me feel left out and veru uncomfortable. My boyfriends mother does know how I feel about the photos being up but she really does not care about how I feel. They still envite her to family events and everything. Its just really hard for me to handle all of this from knowing about my boyfrends past with the baby mama to the family not accepting me like they do the baby mama. For examply, today, my boyfriends grandmother called and said she will be having his daughter with her so the 3 of them should go get dinner. The grandmother didnt even bother to envite me to go with them, so I feel very much left out, and here I am sitting at home looking for some advice. This maybe be alittle much but I also have to mention that My boyfriend told me to get an abortion when i found out i was pregnant, but when his baby mama got pregnant he was all for having a child with her, so that hurts me. Anyway, I am back and forth about my feelings about continuing my relationship with my boyfriend because of all this. I need help
 
Hi Melissa.I am actually in the same situation but a little different. This might be long but i really need advice and help.So, first of all. My boyfriend has a 6 year old daughter with a girl he grew up with. My boyfriend told me a whole lot about there past together. The went to the same church, they even went out together when they were kids and years later got back together and only 7 months later had a baby together. I feel like I am just another girlfriend is his families eyes because his mother still has family photos of her in them, also photos of her giving birth in the hospital ect. And it bothers me and makes me feel left out and veru uncomfortable. My boyfriends mother does know how I feel about the photos being up but she really does not care about how I feel. They still envite her to family events and everything. Its just really hard for me to handle all of this from knowing about my boyfrends past with the baby mama to the family not accepting me like they do the baby mama. For examply, today, my boyfriends grandmother called and said she will be having his daughter with her so the 3 of them should go get dinner. The grandmother didnt even bother to envite me to go with them, so I feel very much left out, and here I am sitting at home looking for some advice. This maybe be alittle much but I also have to mention that My boyfriend told me to get an abortion when i found out i was pregnant, but when his baby mama got pregnant he was all for having a child with her, so that hurts me. Anyway, I am back and forth about my feelings about continuing my relationship with my boyfriend because of all this. I need help
 
Evana, thank you so much for taking the time to visit my blog. I want to give you some advice that will help you to at least start thinking a little differently about this situation.First, I want to tell you that in our society, the position of "girlfriend" has become way more than it should have ever been. What I mean is girlfriends easily drift in and out of the "wifey" title and end up shouldering wifely duties. This is great for a man because he gets all of these benefits at a steep discount. He doesn't have to make a legally binding commitment to you and ne doesn't have to clearly define your role in his life as well as his responsibilities to you because after all, "y'all aint married". But the reality is that it hurts to give your all to a man and to a relationship all to be treated like the fifth wheel when it comes to his family and his child.I'm going to give you some hard truths but trust that it's coming from a woman who lived it: You feel like the fifth wheel because you ARE the fifth wheel. Your boyfriend already has a family: his parents,child and baby mama. This is the family that HE created and so far, it looks like it's the only family he's interested in maintaining. It's not your job to come in and tell him, or his mama, or his baby mama that you deserve to have a place of respect. That place should have already been prepared for you, you feel me?So that's where you need to start from. Start from the moment you read this reply and think about YOU for a change. It's time you looked out for YOUR best interests, and not everyone else's because trust me, whether you stay or go, everyone else is going to continue to do business as usual the way they want to. 
 
continued..So the question is, what are YOU going to do? What do YOU deserve? And how are YOU going to protect your heart so as not to be hurt anymore in this situation or a future relationship?First thing you need to do is be a girlfriend. Do you want to know what that means? Well, girlfriends have their own lives, their own interests and their own plans. They spend time with boyfriends, but at the same time, they have their own friends that they hang out with. They have their own homes. They pay their own bills. They have their own goals and dreams that they're achieving in life. Girlfriends also realize that there's no ring on their finger that says that if another man comes along that can respect her and love her the way she deserves that she can't move on with him. Is it wrong to think this way? It only seems that way because girlfriends have been conditioned to behave like wives but receive the respect of girlfriends. Your boyfriend's mom isn't disrespecting you- her son is. She's treating you like a girlfriend because her son hasn't made you his wife. Now let me caution you: you may think that having his baby will even the playing field between you and his baby mama but do NOT play with your seed that way. Children deserve to be born into a loving home, not a home where mama is trying to one-up a baby mama and possibly end up being a baby mama herself. So, if you're having unprotected sex with your boyfriend and you're not on birth control, you need to stop. Please don't bring an innocent child into the world because you have the need to feel important to your boyfriend. A baby will not make you more significant to him. Trust me on this. I have two of my baby daddy's three children. The other one is the oldest. Having his children does not guarantee you his heart so don't play that game.It's time for you to think like a grown woman and take responsibility for your life. Is this REALLY how you want to live? Is this really the kind of relationship you want? Can you trust and believe that there is a man out here that knows a good woman when he sees her and has made his life ready for her? Those are the sorts of things you need to think about instead of how to get your boyfriend's mom to replace her family photos. :)Feel free to subscribe to my personal facebook page https://www.facebook.com/MLewis001. Stay in touch and let me know how things are going. Remain blessed and know that God is here to help you through anything you may be facing. Continue to pray to Him and seek Him for direction. I'm thankful He led you to my blog and He will continue to guide you every step of the way.
 
Hey Melissa, I know this post is old but i really need your advice and opinion. Ive been with my man for a year now, i am 23 years old and he is 30, before getting together he was in an 8 years relationship with his baby mother and they had 3 kids together. When we first got together the baby mother did everything to try to make me run the opposite directions, from calling my phone private, showing up to his house acting crazy, trying to break into his house just because i was there, trying to fight me numerous times, and keying my car. Through all this i stayed by his side because i just felt that she was hurt and that could be the only explanation for her actions. In the beginning she would not allow him to see his kids, tried to take him to court, and would just act very crazy (again i get she was hurt). Fast forward months later she finally started to come around allowing her children to come over again and developing a little bit of a friendship with him. Well fast forward a few more months, now she calls him random times of the night, he doesnt really talk to her much around me, she picks him up while im at work, she has told him through text in the past she still has feelings for him even though she is suppose to have a man now but he is in jail because of her, and i even found out he stayed the night at her house and didnt tell me. None of this was happening when her man was not in jail. It makes me jealous that when she wants to see him or the times they talk (never around me) are always secretive or they use the kids as what feels to me as an excuse. I love this man but am i playing myself because things just dont feel right anymore...He says im just being insecure and immature. what do you think?    
 
Hey Melissa, I know this post is old but i really need your advice and opinion. Ive been with my man for a year now, i am 23 years old and he is 30, before getting together he was in an 8 years relationship with his baby mother and they had 3 kids together. When we first got together the baby mother did everything to try to make me run the opposite directions, from calling my phone private, showing up to his house acting crazy, trying to break into his house just because i was there, trying to fight me numerous times, and keying my car. Through all this i stayed by his side because i just felt that she was hurt and that could be the only explanation for her actions. In the beginning she would not allow him to see his kids, tried to take him to court, and would just act very crazy (again i get she was hurt). Fast forward months later she finally started to come around allowing her children to come over again and developing a little bit of a friendship with him. Well fast forward a few more months, now she calls him random times of the night, he doesnt really talk to her much around me, she picks him up while im at work, she has told him through text in the past she still has feelings for him even though she is suppose to have a man now but he is in jail because of her, and i even found out he stayed the night at her house and didnt tell me. None of this was happening when her man was not in jail. It makes me jealous that when she wants to see him or the times they talk (never around me) are always secretive or they use the kids as what feels to me as an excuse. I love this man but am i playing myself because things just dont feel right anymore...He says im just being insecure and immature. what do you think?    
 
RespectUrself, props to you for taking the time to reach out with your question. I'm going to keep it real with u if u will allow me to. First, it concerns me that u are with a man that is 30. But beyond that, u are with a man who has 3 children from a long term relationship. As a "babymama", let me tell u that a woman doesn't just have 3 children by the same man if she doesn't believe that relationship will be permanent. For him to turn around and be with u after 8 yrs and 3 kids felt like a slap in her face. One major mistake that we women make when getting involved with a man is only thinking about ourselves and our man and not the other women and children that our man may have hurt. I'm going to try to spare u 10 yrs worth of pain and foolish decisions real quick. Your bf and his children's mother have unfinished emotional business. He has three children to raise, whether he has a gf or not and those children have a mom.
 
Continued...As harsh as this is going to sound, u are not the priority in this situation. But thats not your fault. It's his fault for bringing u into a situation he hasn't handled properly but it is your fault for staying and tolerating it. At 23, u should be starting graduate school or climbing the corporate ladder or opening your own business. Don't allow this man to waste your productive years. You must take the reigns of your life and pursue your goals and dreams. This is no way for a strong and beautiful woman to live: drama, cars keyed and sneaking behind your back. No mam. Somewhere there's a guy who knows how to honor u and u don't have to feel like you are last on his list..and if I were u, I wouldn't rest until I found him nor would I settle for less. Follow me on facebook: facebook.com/MLewis001. Blessings to you!
 
My situation is so much harder bcus I've been with this guy since I was 16. I'm 20 now. During our relationship he was unfaithful as most young guys are. Anyway about a year into our relationship he broke up with me to be with another chick, not soon after that did I find out she was pregnant. They were together less then 4 months when this happened. The night he told me she was pregnant he also sent me a long text saying that he wanted to get back with me and marry me yada yada ya...I agreed...and when I tell you that this is the HARDEST thing in the world for me. I mean 2011-2012 have been such a rollercoaster. After the baby was born he left me again so that they could be a "family" and it just never works out for them and he comes right back to me. Bt his babymom is soo disrespectful and just spiteful. She tries to tell me that if he and I move in together. He won't be able to see his son. We argue everytime we speak. Bt what hurts the most is the family aspect. For example I'm not allowed at his house at all because his mother doesn't want both us coming there. His mother or family doesn't even know me barely. He graduates from school on Friday and I can't even go. That hurts so much. I haven't even met his son. I feel like a complete outsider. I mean after dating someone for 4 years things should be different. And still after all this I still think he misses her recently because he seems kinda off. Idk maybe I'm just paranoid. It's so hard to just leave bcus hes a good guy that made a mistake. I just don't think he handles is the right way. I feel like she make SHE & her son the main focus instead of their SON being the main focus. 
 
My situation is so much harder bcus I've been with this guy since I was 16. I'm 20 now. During our relationship he was unfaithful as most young guys are. Anyway about a year into our relationship he broke up with me to be with another chick, not soon after that did I find out she was pregnant. They were together less then 4 months when this happened. The night he told me she was pregnant he also sent me a long text saying that he wanted to get back with me and marry me yada yada ya...I agreed...and when I tell you that this is the HARDEST thing in the world for me. I mean 2011-2012 have been such a rollercoaster. After the baby was born he left me again so that they could be a "family" and it just never works out for them and he comes right back to me. Bt his babymom is soo disrespectful and just spiteful. She tries to tell me that if he and I move in together. He won't be able to see his son. We argue everytime we speak. Bt what hurts the most is the family aspect. For example I'm not allowed at his house at all because his mother doesn't want both us coming there. His mother or family doesn't even know me barely. He graduates from school on Friday and I can't even go. That hurts so much. I haven't even met his son. I feel like a complete outsider. I mean after dating someone for 4 years things should be different. And still after all this I still think he misses her recently because he seems kinda off. Idk maybe I'm just paranoid. It's so hard to just leave bcus hes a good guy that made a mistake. I just don't think he handles is the right way. I feel like she make SHE & her son the main focus instead of their SON being the main focus. 
 
Benny, thank u for leaving your comment, I'm going to be very straight forward with you not to offend you, but to help you. The problem with many women is that we often refuse ti acknowledge the common denominator between what we are going through and what the next woman is or has gone through. Your circumstances may have different details than the other women who have commented but you all have the same core issue. Understand something.  Going out and making a baby with another woman isn't just a "mistake". Leaving you to go be a family with her isn't just a mistake. Being unable to attend his graduation isn't a mistake. His family having no respect for you isn't a mistake. He has painted a clear picture of his disrespect for u with his actions. But the problem is you keep falling for his words,  which are music to your ears. But his words unfortunately are nothing more than beautiful lies that have kept YOU hangin on while he's clearly moved on. There are two conversations going on from this man: what he says and what he DOES.  The question is "which voice will u continue to believe"? For your own sanity and dignity, it's time to believe what he's been doing, not what he's been saying. Feel free to subscribe to my facebook page: facebook.com/MLewis001 or follow me on twitter: Mel_Ann78. Stay strong little sis and take care of YOU! Blessings to you.
 
Hey,I just came across this blog. Reading it gave me some insight. Things I already do. First my boyfriend and I are both in our 30's, we have both been married for over 7 yrs, we both have children from those marriages. My boyfriend pretty much stays away from my ex, and I stay out of things with his ex. My children live with us, his daughter lives primarily with her mother. Now we both support choices and make choices together involving ex's and children. My boyfriends daughter wants to be with us, but remains with her mom.I think our relationship works, because we can each be in our relationship and "family" but we both see things as we would if we were in our ex's shoes. He dislikes my ex and I really dislike his, some of his actions leave me feeling insecure when it comes to his ex. He married her because she got pregnant. He has no interest in marrying me, and thats ok, ive done it and honestly its much simpler being the girlfriend than the wifey. Everything is living life taking experiences learning from them and using them when you need to, or adjusting and working on things that need work, like any "normal" family relationships.Im always up for advice or insight. But the main reason I am commenting is because I really want to let these girls know these relationships involving children aren't easy, and take a lot of strength and work. In some cases more work than you think you have energy for. But I have found its worth it in the end. Atleast for me.
 
I have been the child in that type of situation so I understand a part of it, and my now boyfriend is the first guy I've been with that has a baby,  we've been together for almost 2 yrs, his baby will be 3 this year.. and I have only seen his baby mama, she doesn't want to meet me and i don't, I don't want to take over I Just want her to know that and to try and be in good terms. Also they talk a lot texting about random things only rarely about the baby plus she is now asking to borrow money and he just gives in. Right now we are trying to save money for a house and this borrowing money and talking at 2am about a concert or texting about videogames and him going over  here me watching the baby all week staying at the er for 4 hrs cuz the poor baby is sick and still not meeting the baby mama bothers me
 
Heyy. Soo here's my story im a 21 year old college who's in love with my high school sweet heart who is 26 by the way ( ive dated him wen i was in high school he was in college) anyway. At first we was jus plan old boring neva fight happy couple then he went off back to college 2 years after we dated  long story short.. We broke up bc long distance relationship doesnt work for me. Years lata he came bac from college with a lil baby girl which is a blessing to  him in my eyes.. Anyway with jout thinkinh i asked him out . He said yes. We was happy but then i started noticing we was getting serious and my feeling got stronger. His bm would cum and get the baby from him  go on abou her business. Then he told her we was together  started seeing her more n she would do all the rolling eyes and things and i still was ok with it. Then one afternoon im out side of my bf hous she pulls up n started startd screaming and calling him babe infront of me n lookd at me weird. I lookd n i got upset my bf camr out n didn't put her in her place i left. Then he calld saying he told her off n the hous. The other time i was driving frm a party 2am n seen her car in hes drive way  i calld i get no answerhe calld back n told me she got kickd out her house for that night. I forgave him and took him bac.. We argue about it alote bc its alwayd on my mind. I feel lk she do things on purpose n he agrees. Then she has my bf take her so. To school every morning n i feels lk he shouldn't jus bc i feel lk she has him around her finger n it bothers me.. She has alote of ppwer ova him n im just confuse n always asking y. N its getting worst now. I feel insecure and i cry alote negind doors BC he's giving her wat she wants and she's laughing at me. 
 
Hey Melissa. My name is Brandi. I was in a similar situation. I was dating this guy for nearly a year. He has a 12 yr ol daughter with his baby's mama. He has had his daughter since she was a few mths old. She has never lived with the baby mama. He would never let me meet his daughter or visit his home. I only visited once in a years time & it was breifly. His babys mama still comes around. When she is visiting his home.. Well he still lives with his parents so i should say the parents home. I always asked him were they still an item. He would always tell me no. He says to me he hasnt been in a relationship with his baby mama in 10 yrs. Well ab a mth ago the baby mama called my phone from his phone at 3am asking me what was going on with me & her childs father. I told her everything. She went thru his phone & saw previos text msga and pics that he & i shared. She was upset & so was i. She told me that they had bn back together for 2 mths when he was just with me thenight before. He denied me of course. Days later she continued to call me private asking me where do he & i stand! He later called & apologized for putting me in his drama. I eventually got my number changed. They now live together. But still to this day whenever he sees me. He tells me how much he misses me & hes sorry. He still wants to continue a sex life with me. I love him. I am really hurt by this situation and i dont know what to do. Can you help me please!!???!!
 
Kayla and shaniab, for the sake of discussion, I'm gonna be "babymama"that neither of you are having a face to face conversation with:Dear gf, I just want you to know that if you're mad at me or trying to check me in any way, you are wasting your time. Your man, my babydaddy is thebone leaving the gate open and I'm just walking through it. Sure you could say that I shouldn't be walking through it but I guess all the locksmiths should retire because there's no need to lock up anything and keep it safe. Your relationship with your man is between yall, not me. And my relationship with him is our business. If you have a problem with our relationship, take that up with HIM because trust, he aint doing, saying or being anywhere he don't wanna be. One day we'll both get tired of being played by the same man but until that day comes, realize we are both, you and I, being played. It's up to you and me to decide when we're done. Sincerely, -Your Man's Babymama
 
Really happy to have found this thread without an angry, ignorant audience bashing the women in this position. I hope you will respond because i would value your advice. My boyfriend and i have bren togethet almost three years. He has a daughter by a woman who lied about birth control and we have a 4 month old son. He is a good father, respectful and considerate of my position in all this, wants to marry me and tries to deal with his daughters mom the best he can. Hes a god man. I love him and his daughter and i even get along great. Yet still...i just can't shake thede feelings. The mother is a...challenge to say the least but t I don't know if id feel any different if she weren't. Im resentful of the time, money and attention his other child takes. I try to think of us all as our own unit...i just can't. I know its not  her fault shes here, im careful to not show her any tension or resentment, and the three of us do a lot together but...It was a challenge for me having my firstborn with someone who had already done it w someone else and now I just feel miserably stuck. I thought it would get better but its actually gotten worse. If i walk away, i deprive our son of his father and me of a relationship I love except for this one aspect. If i stay, im putting myself through emotional hell. Will it get better, can i change, should i walk. I want to support him in their relationship, to be a friend and good influence to his daughter, but it kills me. I want a happy family. I thought i could do this...i dont think so any more and its so painful either way. Is there any answer here.
 
I really enjoyed reading this blog post and the comments because I felt as though every situation was providing very real insight into this phenomenon.  I am a 24 year old woman and I have a 28 year old boyfriend.  We've been together for 3 years.  He has no kids and no obligations to other women.  I purposely DO NOT and have NEVER dated a man with children from previous relationships because I took the time to get to know myself, my wants, and my needs.  I am young and I have no use for a man with extra baggage, as I am also not trying to create any for myself.  I am doing what a young, beautiful, and strong woman should be doing at this age.  I am currently working two jobs, paying my own bills, and starting my own company.  I don't have time for men with children, as I don't have time for any myself at this point.  I truly feel for the women who have commented on this blog that are in their own dramatic situations with their significant others and a babymama.  Some of you ladies have been blessed with not having children of your own with the person, so it may be a bit easier for you to assess your worth and value and get out of a bad situation before it gets worst.  Some of you, unfortunately, have become babymama #2 and are now dealing with the effects of that.  As women, if we want men to respect us, we have to respect ourselves and show them we are worth it.  I think it's very hard, especially if you are under 30 years old, to deal with babymama drama.  If you choose to start dating at 40 years old, then having a man with kids is somewhat expected, if you are dating within your age range.  In your 20's, that shouldn't even be on your agenda.  You should be shooting for the stars instead of worrying about your man and what he's doing with his babymama.  Most men, not all men, have a blurred perception of relationships with women after already having a babymama.  They now have a babymama and a girlfriend (who, may also be a babymama) and they feel sexually entitled to both.  The babymama because they've already been intimate enough to have a child together, and the girlfriend because that's his current chick.  I knew from when I started dating men in general that that wasn't how I wanted to live my life.  So, in the past when I have met different men, if they mention anything about having a child I automatically put them in the friend zone.  Because I'm choosing not to deal with that.  You also have to think about finances as well.  As one of the other women on this blog commented, when you have a man who has outside obigations, things like saving for a house, car, wedding, etc. become extremely difficult.  Especially if the babymama is spiteful and does the typical "I'ma suck every penny out this fool" move.  That's another thing I'm not dealing with.  I want at least 3 kids, so I'm not against having them at all.  But I am against being thrown into a situation with kids if I'm not ready for that.  So, my point is, if you're absolutely okay with dealing with this kind of life, then by all means, do you.  But if you're like me and have dreams of success that require "no-baggage" situations, then you need to smarten up and pick the man that you know can live up to that.  Good luck, ladies!
 
Hello Melissa,I been dating my boyfriend for almost 1 year this coming Sept. When we meet he already had a son and his baby momma was expecting the second one. I have yet to meet either of them. My boyfriend and I got very serious very quick and now we are living together. We definitely have weeding plans in the future. As of now we are very happy except with the children situation. The mother does not let him see the kids unless she or her mother are around. He has to drive to go see them at her house or there has been a few times when she drives to his mothers home.I have always been bothered that she does not let him take the kids because that means I cant meet them until she lets him take them. Now I'm more bothered because when she takes the kids to his family home his whole family is there because they want to see the kids and when she goes she takes her parents as well so I feel like its a family get together and Im not included. It makes me feel left out. When in reality Im already part his family. The only reason why I am still left out is because of her. To my knowledge she has never said anything about me but she is clearly doing everything in her power to keep me away from her children.They are currently trying to settle this in court but who knows when that ends. I tried to keep a brave face but there are times when I cant help it and I tell my bf how I truly feel. I know its a complicated situation for him but if we are as serious as we are I feel like I deserve to know his children. Im not just a typical chick who is going to leave in the next couple of months. What would you suggest I do? Should I try to reach out to the baby momma? Should I just bite my tongued and pretend like everything is okay? HELP!!!
 
Hello Melissa,                                                                                                                                             I Found your blog to be quiet interesting. I am in a difficult situation being that I am 20 years old, I've been dating my boyfriend whom is 25 for six months. I met his child from his previous relationship about a month ago he now wants to bring him around me much more.He has clearly told me has nothing to do with the mother of his child anymore and I believe so, but should I be wrong for wanting to meet her?
 
Hello Melissa,                                                                                                                                             I Found your blog to be quiet interesting. I am in a difficult situation being that I am 20 years old, I've been dating my boyfriend whom is 25 for six months. I met his child from his previous relationship about a month ago he now wants to bring him around me much more.He has clearly told me has nothing to do with the mother of his child anymore and I believe so, but should I be wrong for wanting to meet her?
 
Hello Melissa,                                                                                                                                             I Found your blog to be quiet interesting. I am in a difficult situation being that I am 20 years old, I've been dating my boyfriend whom is 25 for six months. I met his child from his previous relationship about a month ago he now wants to bring him around me much more.He has clearly told me has nothing to do with the mother of his child anymore and I believe so, but should I be wrong for wanting to meet her?
 
Hey sweetheart,  Just like the other women commenting. I'm going through a tuff time with my boyfriendwho means the world to me and the mother of his child. Don't get me wrong I don't really care for how she go about things but that's not my place. we recently just fell out about her and his child. well for starters we agreed to get his daughter on the weekend because that's his off days. so we got her two weekends ago. Sunday night comes for BM (baby mother)  to get her child and she don't. he tells me we keeping her for a week . I'm like how we gone do that when we both work in the day . my schedule changes every day . Well he has a set schedule 1 to 10 pm.. So the first week I just said ok. I had my mother watch her until I got off work . She told me okay but she really didn't want to because it wasn't her grandchild and because of all the problems I been telling her about I been having with his BM. But she did so I'm thankful. so the weekend comes up again, time for the BM to pick up the child and she doesn't once again. My boyfriend tells me we keeping her another week because I don't feel like arguing with her about getting his daughter. The BM told him she need a break from her child and life so he better find a way.  Now don't get me wrong I love his daughter but when we get her she's always with me and he never has her. so I got her the whole time. I ask him did he see how I feel about getting her or seeing I had something to do since she's always with me. He told me no ,he figures since I got his then it should be ok. The first week was hard enough. I dropped days I couldn't get my mom to watch her. Then he don't want me to take his daughter to many places without his okay first. so when I got we in the house most of the time .  who wants to sit the house 24/7 ? I don't have no kids so why am I being the mother 24/7 ? They don't want me whooping her or disciplining her. so when she acts out or run off they don't want me doing nothing. she finally comes gets  two weeks later.  I tried sitting down talking to him about how I feel but.instead of understanding my point of view . He rushes to say you don't have to get my daughter no more if you don't want to be around her just say that. I didn't say none that. I told I should have to drop what I'm doing to please your BM . I don't stop what doing to rush home to get her daughter from her when its not my child. He like why not ? I said because that's not my daughter at the end of the day. And I don't to have jump through hoops for her. You have my back on how I feel. We argued and nothing was resolved. I don't what to do and it hurts. I cry myself to sleep ay night because I feel so alone.
 
Hello Melissa...I am in need of your help. My boyfriend and I are both in our 30's. I have children from a long term relationship as does he. He has been seperated for 5 years from his wife (not divorced yet). His ex will not allow me to be around her children even though he has them in his fulltime care. He abides by her rules begrudgingly but he still abides by this rule. He is scared of her. Most people are. She's a bully. I have done what she has asked. I had a sitdown meeting with her at her request before I met the kids. That was months ago. I pose no threat to the children. I don't smoke, drink, drugs, swear. She is quite obviously jealous and threatened by me but how long is too long to endure this for? We both have our kids fulltime and seeing eachother is almost impossible because of her controlling attitude. Should I stay or should I go? I must add...I do love him very much. He is the most wonderful man I have ever met and meets every need I have but living ten minutes away from him and not being able to embrace him when I want is almost unbearable. I'm exhausted. I need more from him and when I tell him I'm fed up with his ex's controlling ways, he clams up or says he's scared of her turning the kids against him...and she would...she has already started. Its awful for the kids. What do I do?
 
hey im a man and I have a question. so me and my girl started dating 3 years back. long story short I was lying to her about sleeping with the mother of my child.. so me and my girl now met in china and my baby momma lived in America.. when I was in china id mess with my girl now ad when I was in America id sleep with my daughters mom..well things happened and the girl who im with found out.. we weren't bf and gf yet but I told her that I liked her and that I was sorry and that id never to it again..since then we have been together going on 7 months.. my gf now feels that I shoulnt talk to my baby momma unless its only about my daughters wants and I agreed up unto a point...heres my question if im at my daughters graduation or sporting event should I ignore my baby momma if she asks me a question like " so your daughter looks cute in her cap and gown or if she asks me if I like an outfit she has on"... should I ignore her (my baby momma) or answer it... my gf now feels that all I should be able to say is hi... absolutely no chatting about my daughter or its disrespectful to her and means I don't care about her feelings or don't love her... another thing I went to the graduation and took a pic with everyone that came to the graduation. some of her family and some of my family were in it as well as my daughters mother and I but not together in the pic, I didn't think of it as being a family pic I seen it as everyone that came out its just a pic my girl says its a family pic and even though its my daughters graduation I shouldn't have stayed in it because my baby momma was in the same picture.... I need some advice on what to do how to make her feel more secure... I know she feels pain and doesn't like my baby momma because I was sleeping with them without them knowing.. what can I do? advice.. if you need any more info let me know
 
Madmilk, thanks for stopping by. I'm going to be straight with you. Here's my question: why did you feel the need to introduce bmama#1 as the one who lied about birth control? She may have, but did your man skip sex ed class? Lol! Here's something I want you to consider. Women are constantly tearing each other down. Why continue to feed the negative energy? Liar or not, she gave your man his first child which he both loves and claims. The only difference between you and her is a breakup. If your man broke up with you, yall would be in the exact same shoes. When you have a chance, go back and read my post called What's A Man To Do?. In it, I said something key: all of you are family.  Your man made a family when he made a bahy with the both of you. Do families always see eye to eye? No. But at the end of the day, this is the only family your children will know. They will always have siblings with a different mommy and one day, yall are going to have to explain this to them. You're being selfish right now. I'm not condemning you or criticizing you for it, but I'm being the big sis who will keep it real. You could get bogged down in the petty things or you could begin to ask yourself what type of family do you want your children to have and do your part to build it. That may mean praying for bmama#1, making sure you're lendingba hand to her becausevat the end of the day, women hold it all down and just want to take care of their babies. It may mean deciding to stop comparing yourself to her in your mind, finding fault and comparing yourself to her. Raising a child ain't easy. You both should show mutual respect for that alone. Never let a man cause you to tear another woman down. It was a woman in the hospital with you, telling you when to push. A woman showed you how to swaddle a baby, treat a cold, find a deal on clothes and pampers. Show love and it will come back. Any man worth his salt wants a woman who can respect herself and others, especially when "other" has his child. Blessings to you. Keep in touch! -Mel
 
Hey Melissa,  I need some advice I have a boyfriend that iI known  for 6 years nd we been been dating for almost 4 months nd he has a 8 month old baby by his ex baby mom who he can't stand cuz of how she treated him. But im left wondering why he just doesn't want to go back with her, I mean like they have a family together who doesn't want nothing more than that?, but at times I feel irrelevant to his family cuz of his ex and his son. Im also trying to cope with the fact his ex is going to be in his life basically forever or have a bonded life because of their son. So I just don't see why he just wont get back with his ex and get his family back together 
 
Hi Melissa, I'm the girl dating my junior high sweetheart. Going into this I knew I could handle it. The girl ended up prego before we got back together. What's done is done. Everything was fine until the daughter arrived.... Long story short he went and took family portraits with her and the baby. Not "we share the baby" type poses, poses that indicate "we are a family". We are now having problems . 
 
Continue from my previous post ... I'm really pissed at him because there couldve been different ways of posing in the pictures as opposed to thinking it was ok to go and act like a couple. I asked him why he didn't ask how I felt about it and he had no answer. He then lied and said he forgot to tell me then later said he didn't forget he just knew how I was going to react, which means he did what he wanted knowing I'd be upset later. I'm more upset about how he handle this. He simply couldve said hey we want to get pictures done how do you feel about that? ... There are also other issues like the mother hanging around while he's doing his daughter daddy time. She breastfeeding but I know there is a window in which infants can be left for 2-3 hours with pumped milk.Why is he allowing all of this to happen??? He still claims he loves me and wants to be with me and he's making mistakes but not on purpose etc I don't think I'm over reacting because he's been lying, omitting info and just simply not asking how I feel about things or keeping me in the loop of things. I feel like if he wants me there like he says he would let me know what's going on and no not tell me your every move type thing but tell me something instead of absolutely nothing! I'm afraid that when I get there there's going to be more trouble so I'm preparing myself for the best and worst and trying to keep a positive attitude and support him. I'm uprooting my life in Cali to move across stage to be with him in 3.5 weeks, this incident along with others just happened and his daughter is about 2 weeks old so I know everything is still very new. I understand that and I'm trying to find a way to understand these other things going on without getting upset but geeze after I looked at the pics it was a huge slap across my face. Please help me with all the advice you can. Also his based on him and other ppl the BM was friggin nuts! The first week he got caught up in the fact that she was "acting right" and now that he is trying to change a few of these bad habits he has started she is now wanting to go to court, cause arguments over things that have nothing to do with the baby etc. he was pretty much doing everything she wanted him to do. Spent entire days at her house with the baby, pictures, hanging around each other when the mom could've left baby with dad.... So she's made it clear that she is trying to create this imaginary relationship with him and he is only adding to it because he is trying to "keep the peace" with her... I have a problem with that. So please please help me clarify things and restore my confidence in going into this situation. 
 
Latasha, let be straight with you. Your bf is double minded and he has no idea what he wants or where he truly wants to be. Secondly, it is an incredibly foolish move to make on your part to uproot your life for a man that is as torn and conflicted as your bf. If there's any way possible, don't move. Wait.  Your bf has a brand new baby. Emotions are running high. He probably is considering the possibility of trying to make a family with his bmama. Most men who were raised right do. And bmama just had a baby which leaves her feeling emotional, hormonal and wanting support. My advice? Give your bf space. You deserve a man that's 100% committed to you and you already know by his actions and the fact that he feels the need to lie to you that it's something he can't do right now. For future reference, I'd never involve myself with a man who just had a baby with someone or had small children. Fact is, lines often get blurred between bdaddies and bmamas and sometimes, they can still be involved sexually, even several years afterva break up. The person you need to look out for is YOU right now because your bf's first responsibility is to his child, not you. And you cannot dictate how he should go about the task of being father and co parenting with bmama. The two of them ARE in a relationship and it's up to them to figure out how things will go and it's  up to your bf to set appropriate boundaries with his bmama so that he can truly move on to a new relationship which is hopefully with you. But by the looks of things, that day is a long way off and if you don't heed the warnings and red flags now, you stand to be in for a tremendous amount of hurt and disappointment.   Keep me updated sis! -Mel
 
Chris Reaves, thank you so much for visiting and commenting! I appreciate the male perspective.  Here's my advice regarding your situation: be completely honest with your gf. Parent to parent, you and I know how incredibly unrealistic it is to attempt to control every family function that involves your daughter and her mom, so don't try. It's important to reassure your bf and build trust but don't set yourself up for failure to the point you end up having to oie because you agree to terms that are unreasonable. Your first loyalty should be to your CHILD, not your gf or even your daughter's mom. Establish clear boundaries with both women. Your gf needs to know what she has absolutely no say over and so does your daughter's mom. Every decision you make should take your daughter into consideration first, and no one else. If your daughter wants pictures of her parents together, she should be allowed to have them for her own collection of momentos. Likewise, let your gf know where she stands with you. She cannot control or manipulate you, but that the two you will work together to build a bond and establish trust that doesn't directly or indirectly require you to neglect your daughter in any way. I know it's not an easy road but there are three women waiting on you to take a stand, be the hero and give clear leadership by setting appropriate boundaries.  I have every confidence that you can do it! Be sure to check back in with me to let me know how things are progressing. -Mel
 
Mel, Thanks for the advice. Unfortunately I only have 3.5 weeks before scheduled to leave. I've ready broke my lease etc etc so even with your advice I will still be making the move. This is where my mindset is... I realize the situation and risks I'm taking, this man is worth it to me. The place I'm moving is a place I've always wanted to be anyway for career advancement. So yes I'm uprooting for him but also myself.  I also have my plans to take care of myself whether this works out or not.I also know the the first 3 months of the child being here is crucial between the parents and I actually do want to be there to see how they interact, how he handles things (in person as opposed to being so far away while he goes thru this). Heart ache may be a possibility but that's not something I'm a stranger to at all. I have set a certain time frame for myself to dive in and take the risks. If I can't seem to adjust or he can't by my "deadline" then I will make the choice to move forward without him. I know I shouldn't set "time frames" or "guidelines" although I've learned that this method works for me, maybe not you or others but it does for me, I look at it as more of a soft guideline to try and make this work but to also protect myself... Hopefully that makes sense  but I will definitely "favorite" this blog and keep you updated! Thanks so much. Also take no offense that I am going against your advice, I'm taking your advice and applying it in bits and pieces to my particular situation which helps so much! 
 
Latasha, I take mo offense whatsoever but zI will say this for future reference: never make a life altering decision absent of prayer and godly counsel. Most of us, self included, seek advice after we set things in motion. Essentially our minds are made up and we're looking for an amen corner. I don't know how old you are but I suspect I'm a couple years older. One thing I've learned is that it's never too late to change your mind and make a difficult, but wiser choice. Based on your response, you seem to already have an idea of how things can go with your bf and are prepared either way. I wish you all the best in everything you set out to do. Many blessings to your sis! -Mel
 
Oh yes sis The Lord is my everything. I confide in him, thank him and serve him. He's my strength. Thanks again and God Bless 
 
Jasmine, thank you for your comnent and your patience!  I'd have to answer your question with a question: why do you want to meet her? It would have been nice if your bf had facilitated a meeting between you two, but since he hasn't,  don't stress it. She may not be ready to meet gf right now but is ok with their child being around you for the sake of quality time with daddy. Try not to wear your feelings on your sleeve because if you do, they will surely be hurt. Your bf's relationship with you, his child, and his bmama are three separate entities. As long as he's treating you right, taking good care of his child, and showing basic human respect to the motherof his child, ddon't sweat the small stuff. But I have a suspicion that this is deeper than just wanting to meet bmama and say hi. Let me know if I'm wrong. Blessings to you! -Mel
 
Hello Melissa, my story is kind of similar to the others but I have a friend and he's 29, we met this year in February and been together every since now, ok well anyway I'm 20, he has 4 children.  When we met he told me that the last relationship he was in was with his last kids mother which he only had one child with was a few months before he and I met. He told me he had a family but she left him and went out of town because I guess it wasn't working out. Well about maybe a month or two ago he told me that she was moving back to town because where she was wasn't working out anymore and that she would be staying with him, now mind you before she came I was going over his house and same, he was coming over mines and we was having great times,  some downfalls but we overcame them. I was having fun with his other children and him, we were living it up. He told me a little after we started being together that he loved me first so I figured I was doing something right. Now back to where I was..ok so (yes were having sexual intercourse and I loved him so much that I even got on birth control fro him! And me!) But anywho so about 5 days ago he got locked up because him and her got into a fight and she called the police on him, he told me she started welling on him all in his face so he had to defend hisself and get her off of him, they where intoxicated. But he also told me that they got into it that night because he wasn't the same as when she.got back because he had met me, but what should I think...if she moves back in with him(which he only told me it'll take only two months for her to find her an apartment or something) I knew that was a lie! But they in the same household and around each all the time and then come to find out they fought to!  I'm thinking that maybe they should get back together, even though I love him dearly with all my heart I can't compete with her especially since they have history and I never tried to compete, just was always crying and wondering if he was trying to work things out why would he still want me around? I've.been putting money on my phone so we could talk, and he's telling me he love.me more than ever! I just don't know if I should stay by his side all the way which I want to so bad or just let it go because I'm also thinking that when the tpo is off and he go back home and she's there, they have unresolved issues and I just don't want to be hurt. Can you please help me, man I really do love him he's changed some parts of me that I never thought  could change. I don't think he has sex with her, because me and him still had sex mostly every other day but sometimes we went two or three days apart without. But I wondering if they didn't have sex why did they fight? Should I hold on I just give up?
 
Hello Melissa, my story is kind of similar to the others but I have a friend and he's 29, we met this year in February and been together every since now, ok well anyway I'm 20, he has 4 children.  When we met he told me that the last relationship he was in was with his last kids mother which he only had one child with was a few months before he and I met. He told me he had a family but she left him and went out of town because I guess it wasn't working out. Well about maybe a month or two ago he told me that she was moving back to town because where she was wasn't working out anymore and that she would be staying with him, now mind you before she came I was going over his house and same, he was coming over mines and we was having great times,  some downfalls but we overcame them. I was having fun with his other children and him, we were living it up. He told me a little after we started being together that he loved me first so I figured I was doing something right. Now back to where I was..ok so (yes were having sexual intercourse and I loved him so much that I even got on birth control fro him! And me!) But anywho so about 5 days ago he got locked up because him and her got into a fight and she called the police on him, he told me she started welling on him all in his face so he had to defend hisself and get her off of him, they where intoxicated. But he also told me that they got into it that night because he wasn't the same as when she.got back because he had met me, but what should I think...if she moves back in with him(which he only told me it'll take only two months for her to find her an apartment or something) I knew that was a lie! But they in the same household and around each all the time and then come to find out they fought to!  I'm thinking that maybe they should get back together, even though I love him dearly with all my heart I can't compete with her especially since they have history and I never tried to compete, just was always crying and wondering if he was trying to work things out why would he still want me around? I've.been putting money on my phone so we could talk, and he's telling me he love.me more than ever! I just don't know if I should stay by his side all the way which I want to so bad or just let it go because I'm also thinking that when the tpo is off and he go back home and she's there, they have unresolved issues and I just don't want to be hurt. Can you please help me, man I really do love him he's changed some parts of me that I never thought  could change. I don't think he has sex with her, because me and him still had sex mostly every other day but sometimes we went two or three days apart without. But I wondering if they didn't have sex why did they fight? Should I hold on I just give up?
 
Maybe you can help me figure this out, my boyfriend dated this girl for three years, and they have a two year old together. I've known this man for seven years and he was my closest guy friend in high school, we got together in October and I was totally cool with the fact that he has a baby, when I was growing up I was in the same situation as his child. At first his ex seemed like she was happy for me and him, now not so much. She keeps making moves on him in front of me in our home when she picks up their son. I understand he has to keep things civil to be able to see his baby but its gotten past ridiculous. I know she wants him back, she broke up with him to get him to change but she did it in such a way to make him hate her, now it's my fault he won't crawl back to her. I know he loves me and I know he'd never cheat, that isn't what I'm worried about. I need a polite way to tell her back off, you gave him up and he's mine now. I'm just afraid she'll take his baby from him if I do that, and I love this baby like he was my own, I would do anything for this baby, but I'm getting tired of his mommy. Also she's dating someone now, he's in the military and is over seas. She didn't start acting this way until he left. I'm at my wits end, I've been polite and nice and respectful but with the way she keeps treating me I feel like the claws are coming out soon. My boyfriend can't do anything because she has primary custody and he wouldn't survive losing his only time with his baby. How do I handle this in a way that would make my mama proud?
 
Hello Mellissa...well i hv been dating this guy for 11months now.he has a son who wil be turning 2 in few months.i personnaly dont get into his issues with his bm bc i knw i wasnt there when it started.i dont even ask about his kid or his bm bc when i do he gets all worked up.ther hav been many times i have wanted to breakup with him, bc i always felt bad for the baby mama til i got to know more about her.this girl nags,disrespects everybody, embarrasses him everywher he goes and most of all uses their kid to manipulate him.always asking for money and is always threatening to stop him from seeing their son.he went home for vaccation and i cldnt reach him for about 3weeks because when she had th opportunity to meet his computer on, she blocked me from facebook,skype nd even when she could find his phone she blocked me too from his phone.everytime he wil unblock and if she coms hom wit the baby and his computer is on,conected,she looks for me and blocks me..it stopped i learnnt they had a fight abt it.now they are not on speaking terms i dnt know for what reason,i havnt asked.his mum told me they had a fight and he asked her never to com to their house again...to cut thgs short,its not lik we dont consider them,but at times they dont consider themslvs.she gets on the nerves of everybody, i ask myslf,hw do you do to get so much hate nd despise from every1.i even hv second thoughts about going home bc she has promised to send boys to beat me up. what do you do when you have such a girl as the bm of your boyfriend?
 
......
 
Donnesha, let me be real: there is a significant age difference between you and your bf and don't think for a second he's not using your naivety to his advantage. The easiest woman for a man to sleep with is one he's already slept with and being under the same roof makes creepin all the more convenient. Couple that with the fact that some men behave as if they own the body of the woman or women who have their children and you've got yourself a sloppy played game on the part of your bf. He ain't even trying to hide what he's  doing. He's just looking at you and amazed by how gullable you are. But instead of waiting for your bf and his bmama to sit you down and confess that they are still carrying on a very complicated but real love/hate relationship, why don't you protect YOU? Your bf has some unresolved issues to clear up with bmama before you or any woman that wants to be a part of his life is left feeling any way but hurt, confused and taken advantage of. If you're gonna do grown woman things, then you have to let go of your childlike naivety and protect yourself. Stay connected lil sis! -Mel
 
Mel could you please read my comment?? and help throw some light on my path. thanks
 
Vivian, thank you for your patience. I'm a working mommy plus tonight was bible study night. I did see you and now I have time to reply. To answer your question, there's nothing for you to do about babymama. Yall aren't related, don't live together and don't even live in the same city. She is not your problem. The man you're with is. I've said it time after time in different ways: until the man does the hard work of mending fences and setting boundaries with his bmama, you are in for nothing but problems. Who gets to disappear for 3 weeks while he's conveniently near his bmama and still gets to call himself somebody's boyfriend?! Apparently YOUR man does. What excuses have you forced yourself to believe in order to justify that kind of behavior from him? I'm not overly concerned about your opinion of bmama because it's biased and based on the "I'm a better woman to him than she was" slant, plus anytime bmama pisses him off, he vents to you. But unless you've taken the time to know her and hear her side directly from her, you can't formulate an accurate opinion of her, so don't.  If his bmama is all up in the mix, then your man is to blame, not her. He hasn't established appropriate co parenting relationship with his bmama. If she's close enough to touch his phone, I'd say she's too close. But that's for him to check, not you. Men make moves based on what motivates them. Sometimes it takes losing a good woman in order for a man to realize it's time for him to stop entertaining drama and drawing some clear boundary lines. But if you choose to leave, be specific and tell him why or else the lesson won't be learned. Right now, he has two women: you and bmama.  Why on EARTH would he want to fix what benefits him most? Sometimes a man has to lose in order to gain some common sense. Blessings to you!
 
A little different perspective dealing with my sons mother. My sons mother is a crazy bitch. Im not one to sugar code anything. I moved out of the house and broke off the relationship when my son was only 5 months old he is now almost 3. She has some anger issues and lashes out violently towards me. I consider myself a calm and laid back person so the drama doesn't mesh well with me. She has hit me before, broke things and thrown things at me including the meal you might be sitting there eating. She is a white woman and I'm a black man so that doesn't make matters any better especially if police show up. (Thank god that has never happened.) Sometimes people get tired of constantly defending themselves and going thru drama when all they want is time with there child. Since I moved away I still pay all the bills in the house where her and my son live. She won't work to help pay any bills. Its seems like she just wants to sit back and watch me suffer thru this situation. I would have put her out of the house years ago but she won't let me get my son and I don't want him to be in a messed up situation. She doesn't have any where to go and doesn't have friends or family to call on. What ever friends or family she does have seem to stay far away from her even her own children. I can only suspect that her acting out violently or weird behavior in the past has pushed them away. She uses my son as a pawn so I don't put her out of the house. She won't let me see my son sometimes because she uses him as a pawn like I said before. I avoid confrontation and drama especially in front of our son. She will gladly lash out violently and tare up the house while my son sits there and cries his eyes out. This is something that burns me up inside. I know she doesn't care about the house after all she doesn't pay any bills and for nothing in it. Im trying to get my son out of this situation but its easier said than done. The only solution I have found is staying away but I love my son and want to spend time with him. I get him on weekends and every time I go to pick him up is like rolling the dice. (she might act crazy she might be cool you never know)I know she had a rough childhood and has some anger issues but all I care about is my son and his welfare. When we were in a relationship I would always push her to get some form of help for her anger issues. She always made me feel like I was crazy for thinking she was crazy. One day I finally did get her to go to the hospital and if they checked her out and said she was fine I would leave her alone about it. We did go and they recommending she stay and be evaluated for a couple days. She lashed out violently trying to hit me and ran to try to escape the hospital. The police and security caught her out by the main road in front of the hospital and had to restrain her. They held her for a week at the physic ward and let her go. We weren't married and she didn't give the doctors permission to tell me anything so she came out and said she was fine. I didn't believe thats was the case so I moved out when she came back home mostly for my own safety and so my son wouldn't have to go thru the drama.The only thing I can do is stay away until figure something out.
 
Mr. Me, thank you for your comment. If you've taken the time to read my responses to others, then you have noticed that I'm big on people taking personal responsibility for the situations they  find themselves in. As s parent and if you love your son,inaction on your part is simply unacceptable. I'm not too concerned about how your son's mom treats you (afterall, you have no problem referring to her as a b* which speaks volumes), but rather the safety and wellbeing of your son. If she poses a threat to herself and your child, you must petition the court for custody. If she is not a danger to your child, I'd suggest seeking a mediator for families to sit down with the both of you to work out a co parenting plan as well as visitation and support agreement. There are two sides to every story. But your side needs to do what's best for your son. Keep me posted! -Mel
 
Hello I have a very weird story,My fiance has 2 children with another woman. This woman is insanr I mean attacking me, slander doing everything in.her power to break us.off. The two children now.live with us and I found out I am now pregnant with his child. It seems as though. He has been speaking to her everyday and I have confronted him about this because although I understand he needs to talk and discuss things in regards to the children, but it seems as more then that. We are buying a house in a month, and once the kids told her that she lost it was so mad that we where moving. We have lived together with the kids for months and it would be no surprise we would be upgrading and moving once again with eachother. He also deletes and hides everything in regards to her. Im not sure what this means, does he want to be with her? It just seems very odd to speak with your seperated partner multiple times a day for extended periods of time...Please give me some advice or a suggestion in what direction to take this matter. I apologize for misspellings as im on my cell.Thank you
 
Unknown,  thank you for your comment. Here's my advice to you. Most women do not exhibit anger and rage for no good reason. If the behavior of your fiance towards bmama is a concern to you, I can only imagine what bmama would have to say, if asked. But rather than being overly concerned about he and she, there are two other people who need your immediate attention and protection: you and your unborn child. I would strongly recommend that you and your fiance slow the train down and do this right. That means, no more playing house and postpone any impending wedding plans you may have. Better to wait on the wedding so you can have a marriage that lasts or maybe even decide that marriage isn't the way to go. I know this is hard to swallow but someone has to tell it to you straight, and I care enough to do just that. Your fiance has unfinished emotional business with his bmama which is apparent by both of their behaviors. This situation needs to slow down for the sake of the soon-to-be three children involved. Marriage isn't going to ease any tension between you all and the additional child is potentially more fuel to the fire. Your fiance has some work to do before you try to set up house and home with him and you have to be woman enough to require him to do that work before locking you down. Unfortunately,  if neither of you are willing to slow this thing down and get it right, the biggest losers in this will be the children. Yes, you are pregnant now, but so was his bmama...twice before. Slooooooow this thing dooooooown. Blessings to you! Keep me updated. Diary Of A Baby Mama has a group page on fb. Stay connected. -Mel
 
Hey Melissa, My situation is that I have a 38 year old boyfriend and I'm 20 years. Yes, its 18 years older than me but he is the reason I'm happy today. The problem is that my boyfriend has 2 kids by 2 different mothers and I've met the kids and the love me. He has a 8 year old son and a 1 year 8 month old daughter. we have been together for a year and known each other for 2 years. He never wants me to go around the kids mom not has he ever introduced me to them. When he talks to them on the phone he moves away. when i confront him he says that is how he has always been. He does not like to talk around people and that telephone calls are private. His parents accept me and know that I may someday want my own with him. But why can't for now he at least allow his kid's mothers to know me. I don't want to replace anyone. I rather seem like and aunt to them than a step mother. I LOVE the 2 kids so much, his son and I bond so well we have talks on the phone and everything. The daughter is still young and does not know what is happening. Thing is he and the mother did not officially break up they just stop relations and he moved on I don't know if she did. So maybe she still has feelings cause they have this lovely child together. He says that in time all that will come. What should I do? Do i keep asking him to meet them? or Give it up? 
 
I'm 20 and I recently moved together with my boyfriend who is 32, he has a cute 3 year old daughter from a previous relationship that he intended to have and sees her every other weekend.They broke up, went to court because she kept the child away and etc. After all the battles and arguments I came into the picture. At first I didnt want a relationship with him...but then i swayed into getting serious with him.My boyfriend has a real problem of me not posting photos of us on instagram (smh), i personally been through some events with him that doesnt motivate me to do such, i like to keep my stuff personal but he can't respect that and becuase of that he doesnt respect me much.As much as I love his daughter and she does as well, I'm starting to not like the fact he had a child from someone else, although he claims he wants nothing to do with her and she doesnt as well, they have manage to settled down more (they used to argue a lot and he would disrespect her). One instance, I went to get food for his daughter and his child's mother came to pick her up, I went to the car to give it to her and she tried to make a friendly joke with him. I'm really insecure. I just don't wanna be hurt behind my back. Seeing them go at each other's throat to being nice, it's just weird. Just makes me think they're getting comfortable although they're both in a relationship. I do know people can change their feelings. I just feel so outcasted.With his disrespect and the fact he has a child from another relationship, just makes me want to leave and he knows this... i guess I can't stand being with a man who treats others way better than me. I just wish i never loved him so much and bonded with his child so good, it just would make walking away easy, i feel guilty if I walked away, i guess i'm inclined to the negativity as well as the amouint of love i receive from.
 
I'm 20 and I recently moved together with my boyfriend who is 32, he has a cute 3 year old daughter from a previous relationship that he intended to have and sees her every other weekend.They broke up, went to court because she kept the child away and etc. After all the battles and arguments I came into the picture. At first I didnt want a relationship with him...but then i swayed into getting serious with him.My boyfriend has a real problem of me not posting photos of us on instagram (smh), i personally been through some events with him that doesnt motivate me to do such, i like to keep my stuff personal but he can't respect that and becuase of that he doesnt respect me much.As much as I love his daughter and she does as well, I'm starting to not like the fact he had a child from someone else, although he claims he wants nothing to do with her and she doesnt as well, they have manage to settled down more (they used to argue a lot and he would disrespect her). One instance, I went to get food for his daughter and his child's mother came to pick her up, I went to the car to give it to her and she tried to make a friendly joke with him. I'm really insecure. I just don't wanna be hurt behind my back. Seeing them go at each other's throat to being nice, it's just weird. Just makes me think they're getting comfortable although they're both in a relationship. I do know people can change their feelings. I just feel so outcasted.With his disrespect and the fact he has a child from another relationship, just makes me want to leave and he knows this... i guess I can't stand being with a man who treats others way better than me. I just wish i never loved him so much and bonded with his child so good, it just would make walking away easy, i feel guilty if I walked away, i guess i'm inclined to the negativity as well as the amouint of love i receive from.
 
Mellisa, i love your blog, but I need a little advice. I have two children, my babydad and I broke up about a year ago, we were together for 5 years. I recently just started dating an old boyfriend of 3 years before me and my babydad got together. we hung out once about a month ago and all the feelings we use to have for eachother came rushing back and we jumped into being together, and now we are even living together. He even wants me to quit my job and stay at home with my kids. Now here's the messy stuff....he has two kids as well. His babymom has been acting pretty crazy, but I just keep my mouth shut and stay out of it all, because I am a mom, and I know how territorial I would be with my kids if another women came along in their dads life. It would be hard. plus me and my boyfriend haven't been dating long, even though we dated for 3 years when we were younger, him having kids is all new to me. But if his babymom continues to start drama and talk crap about him having a family with me and my car seats being in his car and alll this other non sense I feel like things could get bad. I've never been the women to ignore another winona disrespect to me, and i've only kept my cool for my boyfriends sake, and for the kids. she has control as to when he can see the kids, and I don't want to do anything to jeopardize that. Its actually even hard for me to post anything to do with my boyfriend on facebook due to the mutual friends we share, i'm scared she might see and get jealous. I think she wants him back and sometimes I get worried he might want her. But he treats me amazingly, talks about marriage within the next two years, we live together, and he already has been kind of acting like a father figure to my kids, as their father isn't around for another few months when he's released from prison. Thats another thing i'm scared about, me and my babydad have an okay relationship, and I hope my boyfriend isn't threatned by that. I need advice on all this craziness!
 
I have been together with my ex boyfriend for 5 years and we were already making plans to get married before we broke up recently. I like to admit that we did have our differences and we had a few  fights often but we always got out of it. About 3 weeks ago, I literarily caught him flirting with a very close friend of mine, it’s totally unacceptable to me and that led to a separation. We broke up after that incident and I told him I never want to see him again. At this moment, it’s barely two weeks ago and I miss him already. I don’t want to lose my ex boyfriend to any gold digger. I want to know how to attract my boyfriend to me again, I need to  know how to win his heart get my ex back into my life? I called him several times and he would not even pick up his phone. I don’t care if I have to use psychological tricks or tips advice to win back his heart after the break up. Everything I’ve tried to do seems not to be working. I love my boyfriend, he loved me and I don’t know what to do or say. He was the one who cheated on me and I’m to forgive him. But he didn’t even try to reconcile. I know he loves me, but my best friend whom he flirted with is trying to steal my boyfriend away from me,I need to reconnect and reunite our relationship, i try all my best until i mate a female great spell caster online Name Dr Kate (katelovespell@hotmail.com) i explain every thing that happened to me, she told me not to worry that she is gonna help me if only i can help my self and i told her yes. she promise to help me cast a return and love spell that last forever, after i summit my information, she cast the return and love spell and guarantee me after three days my ex-boyfriend is going to call me and asking for my forgiveness, i was so surprise the third day of it in the morning my ex-boyfriend call me on phone telling me he is come back that i should forgive him, thank you once again Dr kate (katelovespell@hotmail.com) she is the best you can reach her email address.
 
Okay, here is my situation. We known each other since we were 12&13 and had puppy love during that time. We also lived in the same neighborhood. Years past we both went on with our lives. Fast forward to now we are adults and reconnected again. We both were living back in the neighborhood I was single and he was single as well. He told me that he has a 5yr. Old son and no longer with his babysmother. We dated for six months and I chose to end things. Two months later he calls me out the blue and said I was locked up and out now and want to work things out. I was cautious but still loved him. So I pushed him away for a while then decided to give him another chance then I didn't hear from him in a few weeks. So I called him and his baby'smother picked up and was polite and said he is busy but will call you back. I never called him again bc to me his back with his babysmother and I respectd that. He called me a week later saying that we needed to talk. So we met up and he told me that he is not with his babysmother but living there for his son and bc of financial issues. He wants to continue to work on things and be with me. He told me he loves me and sorry for this situation that he is in and has nothing but respect f or  me.  I told me that his priority is his son and wants us to move in with each other. He told me he wants to be the man to take care of me and saving money for his own place. It's hard for me to know that he is living with his babymother even though I understand the situation. He calls me and we see each other everyday.Just needed advice how I should proceed with this.
 
Mimzy, thank you for your comment. Before I answer your question, let me paint a clearer picture for you: you are 20 and your bf is 38. He aleady has two children, 8 & 1. This tells me a couple things. First, he was in no hurry to have children with his first coming along at age 30. Second,  his youngest child quite possibly was born from a serious relationship. If you're going to do grown woman things,  you gotta interpret the data of your own life in a grown way. You have at least 15 more strong reproductive years. You could have your first child by 28 or 30. But your bf would be how old? Every choice you make now has a consequence. I'm 35 yrs old and I know that many men your bf's age are not sitting up wanting to have more kids if they already have them. Older men may be appealing because of their so called maturity but what makes you so appealing to an older man? Your maturity? No ma'am. It's your innocence and naivity.  A woman my age knows the game and has been played by it a few times. So right off the bat, I'm not impressed with your bf. The reason you haven't met the mothers of his children is because he feels like keeping you all apart is the best way to keep down drama. But if you want more, ask for it. And if he won't give it, leave. This whole relationship is more beneficial to him than to you. He gets a beautiful young woman with no kids who's devoted to him and you get a man slappin 40 upside the head who already has 2 kids of his own. Please reconsider.
 
Zarina, thank you for your comment. Let me share with you some key things to consider. Being in a relationship with a man who has kids is a whole nother ball game than just dating a guy who doesn't have children.  God intended for a man and woman to marry and bring children into this world from that union but what's best isn't always what's done. It's natural for you to feel some type of way about your bf having a child with someone else. The problem comes in when women choose to handle this feeling in the wrong way. Some think the solution is to have a baby by their bf which is foolish and just plain wrong. This NEVER solves the original problem but only creates a bigger one. Some women choose not to date a man with children so as to avoid all the extra stuff that comes along with kids outside of a relationship. Be honest with yourself about what you want and need from a relationship. It may be best for you to date a man who can devote himself to you (they do exist) and doesn't have kids outside of the relationship. If that's what you truly want, then there's absolutely nothing wrong with pursuing your desire. But once you decide to be with a man who has children, you have to know these feelings and insecurities you're feeling often come with the territory.  Is that what you really want? Choose wisely. 
 
I have been with my boyfriend for almost 3 yrs he's 27 and I'm 30. He has 2 children that are 7 months apart from different mothers. The oldest child's mother has moved away changed her number etc so we do not see him. The youngest child he has half custody of so he is with us half the week. Now here's the fun part. The child's mother and I did not get along at first but to avoid drama we just stayed away from each other. Me and bf broke up once last summer for a few months and got back together since then me and baby momma talked and all 3 of us were getting along fine. This summer me and him broke up again and they got back together (this also ended in me coming to move the last of my stuff out and me finding her in my house...big fight.. ) they were together maybe a month and broke up...me and him are now back together (yes I know I'm dumb for this...) now its really hard for me to accept the fact that she's going to be a part of my life as long as I'm a part of his I love him with all my heart and treat his son as if he's my own he's an amazing little man!! (None of the "drama" occurs around him but I know it affects him...when I moved back in this time he asked me if I was going to stay forever or if mama was.. awkward right?) Anyway him and her text every single day and he usually finds a reason to stop at her house at least 3 times a week never for more than say 5 minutes hut nonetheless its still a flag to me...just about everything concerning her is a flag honestly and I'm tired of feeling this way. I know he loves me as I love him I'm just not sure what actions to take to deal with her. He mentions her name at least once a day and it makes my blood boil. He's constantly talking about getting married and having a baby with me but in my mind the only reason he wants the child is to keep me in his life as he's done with her. I don't know where to turn and I'm really confused... any advice would be greatly appreciated
 
Hello Ashley. My advice? Slow down and prioritize! You've made a lot of moves already that aren't necessarily in the best interest of your children but sound more like it was done to fill your desire to have a man and family. What you have right now with your bf may feel real but it's fake because you really don't know him. People can and do change in 3 yrs. Your children already have a father who will soon be released from prison. What's your plan for this when it comes to your kids.  You have a lot more to think about right now than playing house with an old flame and worrying about his baby mama. Stop making emotional decisions and think like a parent.
 
What part of a man who has two children only 7 mos apart do you find irresistable torn? And you seem remarkably calm about him sleeping with his babymama, so much so you didn't mind sliding right back with him as soon as she gave you enough wiggle room to move back in. This isn't love. This is a sick, twisted competition between you and baby mama over this guy and he's making complete fools of you. Find enough dignity to move on. He has to deal with baby mama and has no choice. Baby mama doesn't win if you walk away because clearly he has no self control when it comes to sex, having two children a mere 7 mos apart and continuing to bounce between you and baby mama when you all fall out. Step out of this three ring circus!
 
I have been reading the blogs and i must admit that this situation fits me almost to a T the big issue is i am not the girlfriend i am the WIFE and he did have this child before me and did not have a relationship with her now he is wanting me to introduce the child to our three children.  I have a little bit a anger and pride that tells me why are we doing this you have not been doing anything why now.  A bit of me says talk to the baby mama and find out what are her objectives.  He stated that all she asked is that he call once in a while to say hello to her and maybe send her a card saying i am thinking of you.  She does not want any child support.  The child is 7 years old now.  I am torn between the happy story of its just me and our family to try and incorporate another child and her mother in our lives.  I am not sure what to do or how to handle the situation.  Not to mention i am young as well.
 
Need in love, support your husband being a father to ALL of his children. If he is a good man then don't put him in a position that makes him feel like he must choose between his wife and his child. Even if he doesn't leave you, he will resent you. Let him take the lead on how to handle this. This is about his child, not the baby mama. If you're looking for a reason to be offended, you'll always find several.  Instead, support your husband in loving his oldest child and support that child as much as he supports and loves his three with you. Like it or not, your children have another sibling. Denial won't change that. But love and support can strengthen your marriage. Blessings to you!
 
Hi Melissa. This post is old but hopefully I can get some advice from a woman who has been on both sides of the fence. I'm 24 and dating a man nine years older. He found out through a friend that his ex was pregnant after we started seeing each other. Fast forward two years later, his daughter is now one. They co-parent but do not get along well. For her first birthday they gave separate parties and she did not come to the one he planned. I get along well with his family and encourage him to spend as much time with his daughter as possible. My concern is that there seems to be some built up resentment and emotion between him and his ex. He says she did him wrong but doesn't say much else. He says he regrets hooking up with her after the breakup but loves his daughter. I feel like one day they will forgive, forget and move on together as a family... leaving me, the "girlfriend" alone and heartbroken. I normally don't date men with children but his ex's pregnancy was a surprise to us both. I want a man to call my own, without sharing between a baby mother or child. Is that selfish of me?
 
KNicole18, it's not selish, it's the kind of honesty needed in a situation like this. Consider this: the scenario you fear is the same thing you desire. You want a man who if he makes a baby with you will stand by you and his child. But you don't know if your bf is going to do this or not. But if he doesn't go back to his bmama and child, you can't help but wonder what type of man is he. You deserve a drama free life and if you don't want the drama that comes with babies,  baby mamas and daddies, you don't have to have it. Stay true to what you really want in life and yes, you can have it. Blessings to you. Check out my latest blog. I talk a bit more about dating a man who has a babymama.
 
Asia, you know what you should do. The problem is you've turned this into me vs baby mama. "She got pregnant on purpose"...your bf had sex with her more than once ON PURPOSE.  "Desperate acts to get him back"...you have a baby by someone and see what your actions become. Your fear is legit. He could very well bounce back and forth between the two of you for a long time. Question is, has this become a game you're trying to win or a life you're trying to live? Either way, it doesn't sound like you're having much fun. 
 
I am a wife with 2 kids by my husband. We've been married 11 years and have broken up and got back together. Currently we are trying to work the marriage out. In between the times we were separated he had 3 kids by 2 different women from different states. Right now we live in the same state as one baby mama. Just recently she was in a relationship and never called or asked the husband to see the kids. Now her relationship is over, she's calling, texting, emailing him and he hides it from me. Also she's gotten to the point of posting bad things on my Facebook for family and friends of mine to see. Plus texting and calling me bad names. Please keep in mind I'm the WIFE of 11 yrs. What should I do?
 
Melissa, thanks for stopping by. First let me say I don't know all the details I realize time and space doesn't allow you to tell it all. I would strongly recommend you and hubby seek out counseling because three children with two different women is no lightweight issue. Simply getting back together over and over does not address the root of the problem.  If you all are truly committed to your marriage,  invest in outside help. Find a church home if you don't have one and a licensed relationship therapist. . It may be challenging to work through it all but it's not impossible.  Blessings.  -Mel
 
Hi melissa I am 20 years old. Me and my bf have been together for a year this month. About 2 weeks ago he started acting weird and moved out of the house. He would just get angry with me for no reason. Well yesterday he finally told me that he found out that he has a 3yo daughter that he didn't know about. And now he's confused because she wants to be with him so that they can be a family after her man left her. I think she's tryin to start trouble becauseshe wasn't going to say anything until she found out he was getting married. So now he won't move back in the house. He now picks up his daughter but won't bring her around me because his bmama doesn't want no bitch excuse my language being around her which I believe iscompletely IGNORANT!!!!!! He tells me all the time that he loves me and wants to be with me. But he still won't come back home. He say that haven't been sleeping together. I just don't think its fair how just because you have a baby with somebody doesn't mean you have to be with them and it just breaks my heart how she is going to try to take him away from me. We are supposed to be getting married in February and now all of this happened. I love him to death and we have been through way too much. Idk what I should do. I pray every night that things will go back to the way we used to be. 
 
Shy,  I'm very sorry you're going through this. But your bf clearly has unfinished busy. Better to deal with it now than later. Let your man sort this out. If he's going to be the head of your house and future father of your children,  you need to fall all the way back to see if he's truly ready (and you too) for this huge commitment. Marriage is beautiful but hard work. If you're not willing to give him space and time to deal with his past that has now surfaced, you may not be ready for what marriage truly requires. Best wishes to you all! Stay connected to Diary on fb. -Mel
 
Hi Melissa, I am 20 years old my boyfriend is 24 and he has a 2 year old boy. We've been going out for 7 months and things are doing ok. This is the first time I've dated a man with a kid,I  never thought of myself as the type of person who would. I am young and have a whole life ahead of me why should I trouble myself and get involved with something as delicate as this situation? Love is blind, deaf, unpractical and oh so stupid.But I am resolved to try and make things work, but I am scared. I'm scared I'm getting myself involved in something that I wont be able to handle.The fact that he is still technically married to the babymama angers me greatly. Legally separated doesn't mean much to me. Recently, he had to unfortunately move back to his mom's house for financial reasons. The babymama works for his mom taking care of his very old grandfather. They both see each other everyday. In my (although biased) opinion she is still way to involved in his life, it is completely understandable that they both have to communicate and stay on friendly terms for the sake of their son but she still expects him to get her out of trouble whenever she is dealing with a difficult situation. Whenever her car breaks he gives her a ride home, when she is running short on cash she asks for money, when she is having issues with her own boyfriend she talks about her sex life with him. Am I wrong to want to set some  boundaries? I've never met her in person nor do I want to. My boyfriend swears that he does not want to get involved with her ever again. Then why does he allow  this kind of relationship with her?He has his son everyday now because apparently the babymama has an unstable living situation. We barely get to spend time with each other. I want this to work but I need advise please help?
 
Hey Melissa my name ieshia and my story is a lil different from others .. OK so I have a lil girl and. My bf has a lil but I don't have a problem with that baby mother.my bf had hot this girl pregnant and she lost her baby but he tells me that they Dont talk or whatever but he always talking on the phone with her she always come get him when he needs a ride so she texted me an asked Me do I still talk to him do they still got some going on? 
 
Mrose, I want to tell you something I wish someone had told me at your age:You will meet a lot of men in your lifetime. Do NOT waste your time trying to make a relationship work. The right ones work wirhout all the extra effort. And any relationship that you can't seem to walk away from, despite all the drama and pain it brings is the one you definitely should walk away from. Stay connected! Blessings.  -Mel
 
Ieshia, I don't know the answer to that. All I know is that you have a man who likes to maintain contact with women he's had sex with. And the easiest person to have sex with again  is someone you've already had sex with. Govern your actions and decisions accordingly.
 
Hi Melissa, I really need some advice / guidance thru my current situation. Me and my boyfriend have a 3 yr old son together. Weve been on and off for about 4 years now. During one of our "off" periods he started dealing with someone , whom he later had a child with about 8 months after i had my son. There have been occasions where we would go through our problems, break up, and he would run back to her, emotionally and sexually. The last time that they had sex was in May, and its bothering me because he says im stuck on the past, and im acting like a child when i express how i feel about the situation. Honestly, this has made me insecure, because his bm still has feelings for him, and im not sure if he still has feelings for her, even when he tells me he doesnt. We have moved in together, so its getting pretty serious now, but I am still dealing with my thoughts of them.How can i get past this feeling, knowing she honestly doesnt respect my relationship with him because she feels like shes entitled to certain things that she isnt? I know shes going to have to deal with him b/c they have a child. I try to explain the reason i feel like this is because of him..if he didnt have a history of going back and forth with her, I wouldnt feel as insecure. Please, I need your help as to how to handle this. Thank You!
 
Hello Kiauna. Your bf and his bmama may have a history of going back and forth with each other, but you also have a history of taking him back after he's been with her. You have allowed a viscious cycle of breaking up and making up to continue. In order to break this cycle you must do something new.My suggestion? Stop breaking up.Break ups are meant to be permanent,  not something two people do when they're mad, hoping that the other will change. If you want to be with him, that means that the thing that has caused you to break up in the past can no longer affect you.Never, ever break up with a man hoping it will motivate him to change his ways. It won't and your bf has proven that. Commit to the relationship, whether it's good, bad or ugly or be prepared to let it go completely.  That is the mature thing to do.Stop this unhealthy cycle sis Blessings to you and stay connected!  -Mel
 
Like many I am glad I found this blog because I have been feeling a bit uneasy about my relationship and surely do not want to play the fool but nor do I want to blow things way out of proportion. So Melissa here is my story. I have been dating this man for a few months. When we first hung out one of tge first questions I asked was if he had kids he gave me a joking answer saying I may have many so I took it as it was and just said he didnt look like he had kids...he didnt correct me. A few months later I took his phone jokingly and saw he got nervous so I demanded to know what he was hiding which resulted in him telling me he may have a child. He told me a bit of the story still holding back with a bit of lies. We have argued about it constantly with of course me bringing it up. In the middle of December we got into it and I called my mother and it was as if she knocked some sense into me. She told me he is still lying if the girl loves him he has been knowing about the baby longer then what he said. He had told me he just found out about the baby but the baby was already born when he told me and is now 6 months old. So I confronted him and thats when I finally got the truth (I think). He had know. Since the beginning through out her pregnancy.  They had talked about being a family but he says it never worked out. He has held the child changed diapers etc meanwhile I had eexpressed to him how unfortunate it was he hadnt done that and hopefully he could build a relationship with the baby again he hadnt corrected me. Then he decided about two weeks ago that he needed a break from us and needed to know I could accept everything. Then he decides he cant do it without mme.I know she still has feelings for him obviously and last night she called and wished him a happy new year and asked if she and him were good. And that was it. That phone call nags at me as I found it inappropriate she didnt mention the child nothing.  In my eyes it was an irrelevant phone call but to him he thinks it is justified and there was nothing wrong with it because supposedly she was speaking on behalf of the child. We have been arguing about it and I still cant come to terms with it. Am I being irrational? He says he just doesnt want any drama and turmoil so it doesnt effect his relationship with the child but im having a hard time accepting and understand ing what are proper boundaries and what is appropriate and inappropriate.  He says he expects her to call on holidays and his birthday because it is on behalf of his daughter who cannot do that yet. Is this appropriate? 
 
Confused,  let me paint a picture for you. You and your man are construction workers on a construction site. All of the materials are there. You put up the frame, walls and roof. But what's missing? A firm FOUNDATION.  A principle that will serve you well in life is this, if you heed it: There is no relationship where there is no trust. Period. There may be walls and frame but there is no stability and eventually,  it will crumble.His bmama and child isn't the issue.  In a previous post, I caution women from getting involved with me who have very young children for this very reason. He lied to you because he knows the situation with bmama is still fresh and any thinking woman isn't about to take up with him if she knows all the details. Let your man handle his business as a father. He's not ready to be serious yet and instead of being straight with you, he lied. I'm sorry he lied and you caught feelings, but now that you know his situation isn't resolved, the choice is yours. You can't make a man respect boundaries when he has none. If a man wants your heart, he should already have boundaries in his life that reassure you that he's completely for the relationship he has with you. Blessings and Happy New Year! Stay connected and share my blog link with others who may have questions. 
 
Hi melissa my situation is my husband n I got married last year and he has a 2 yr old son and his baby momma knows how I look because he had pic of me on his comp when he was living with her he just move out last December of 2013. I still was dealing with him and they use to quarrel she use to make fuss of little stuff.but my thing is she don't know we married don't know we live together and the other thing she call 2-3 in the morning to talk not emergency call but talk esp about her family problem so is it wrong for me to tell him DAT why all of a sudden y'all want to be close friends and he did confess he has love for her but I think he still on love Caz when I try to defend myself against her he jump down my throat and yell at me.bit he can't do DAT to her.they plan trips behind my bk I find out when he talking to other ppl dats  how I find out she send me stuff in my email but I don't tell him but when ppl Facebook request her she thinks its me and tell him.then he tells me I'm trying to come between a child being with both his parents and seeing his parents togetber .I know I might be jealous but the things she does I have to trying to loose weight even though he said he love me I still don't know what to do Caz I'm fed up its best they get bk together and live since they so loving.
 
Sidechick21, I have some questions for you to ponder: It seems like you have some lingering questions and uncertainties. Why then did you decide to get married BEFORE your concerns about your husband's bmama were addressed? You had uncertainties and insecurities before you married and guess what?  Now they're still here. My advice? Believe what your husband tells you. The only way your marriage has a ghost of a chance to survive is if you have trust. If he tells you it's over between him snd bmama, believe him. Anyone would get tired of being accused for every little thing they do. Delete and block bmama from Facebook and focus on your marriage. If you don't,  you won't have a long lasting marriage.  Blessings to you. Stay connected! 
 
recently I just found out that my sons father fathered a child with someone else just like a day before we got together. and so my son and her son are only two months apart. I'm having a hard time accepting it I don't want to be feeling the way that I am. I'm not even sure how it will workout. they haven't done a dna tests yet but we are pretty sure the child is his because the other guys dna test came back as not being the babys father. Last year he was flirting with her and saying perverted things and it broke me and he made it seem like we were a mistake to him and he messed it up with her. but they didn't even know each other but that one night and he ripped the condom. I am just not sure how to deal with this even after he found out she was pregnant two weeks after that he never brought it to my attention and kept it a secret for a year. So I'm nervous and afraid of going through that hurt again with him flirting with her. its hard to deal with and I'm not sure how to do this without being jealous of another woman. I would like some advice. I'm trying to figure out the next step Iknow we can't change the past but accept it and cope with it I'm afraid of the things that will happen in future
 
Bernadette, don't get overwhelmed. The turmoil you feel is due to trying to predict other people's feelings and actions. The only person you can control is you and the only thing you know for sure is in the here and now. Can you trust your son's father NOW? Is he fully committed to you NOW?  Aside from being your son's father,  which he may be good at, is he good to YOU? You can't make a good daddy be a good boyfriend nor should you confuse the two. This other woman and her child is not your issue. Your focus should be on figuring out if what you have NOW is real or just all on you. Only you can make that call. But you deserve a man who's as honest and committed to you as you are to him. Blessings to you and stay connected! 
 
Hi Melissa,I like your advice! Maybe you can help me- and I know the problem is in me so let me go ahead and get that said.I met my Husband when his son had just turned one. We worked together. We fell in love over that first year and got married but he had issues with his child's mom allowing him to see his son and I wasn't very involved. A year after our wedding she moved back in town and he immediately filed legitimation and child support so he could begin to have rights to see his child. I fell in LOVE all over again! His near three year old became the apple of my eye and I only love him more every day.He is turning 7 this month, and I thought my concerns would have disappited by now. This is whats happening;When she first came back into town, my husband had to be in her presence for all time he spent with his son for about four months. That summer ((very early on)) my husband went to the swimming pool with them and she tried wrapping her legs around him where he says he pushed away to the deep end and she giggled and asked him if he had a girlfriend. Thats when he told her about me. They went to dinner, visited museums and did numerous other family things together in this time. I'm sure you can imagine my silent tears on car rides home from work and sleepless nights while he slept happily next to me.Finally, it was arranged for me to meet his son and his bmama. She answered the door and i smiled, trying to ignore the jealousy I had felt. I hugged her and told her I was so happy to meet her. We ate and I chased the three year old around, making him giggle.I thought I had done it all right. I thought everything would get easier.While it did get easier, its still a constant uphill battle. His mom is an over-protective type. I don't have children but I can understand wanting to protect this precious boy. She is ALWAYS telling my husband what to do, how to spend his time with his son. She says things about me under her breathe or in a nonchalant way that make me feel like she is trying to make me look bad to my husband. She moved in with a new man about a month after she met me. A year later, they were married and have their own little broken family problems (she has two totally gorgeous baby mamas who I'm sure drive her nuts). But every day I hurt over her. Every day my thoughts go back to disliking her and wishing I didnt have to put up with her. Every day I am bitter and eaten up by my disdain for her behavior. She puts her son between their problems and doesnt care how her actions her their son, so long as it also hurts my husband. HOW do I STOP obsessing over her? Taking negative things she's says about me and doing them better JUST because she said them...I'm afraid to have children and bring them into this venomous situation. I like what you said about how we are all a family now and I dont want her to be a part of my children's family. Please help :( This is my first time asking anyone about it.Sorry its so long!Thank you in advance!
 
Hey Melissa,My husband and I met at work when his son had just turned one and his bmama had just moved to another state with baby to live with man 2 of 4 since my husband. He and I fell in love over that year and got married. About a year after our wedding day, bmama came back just before the child turned 3 and my husband immediately went to her local court house to legitimate the child and establish child support. My husband was allowed to see the child in his bmama’s presence and on her schedule and made every arrangement to do so. They went out to eat, went to parks and museums and did all of that family stuff to get my husband re-aquainted with his son and I was not involved at all. One of their first outings was to her swimming pool that summer. I later found out she tried to wrap her legs around him and he says he pushed away from her  to the deep end. She giggled and asked if he had a girlfriend. That’s when she found out about me. Their “family time” went on for about four months. I had countless cry sessions on my drives home from work and sleepless nights while he lay next to me sleeping happily. I trusted him and had every reason to. He is a good and honest man. But that didn’t make it hurt any less.After those four months, they decided it was time for me to meet his son- and her. He had told me she bad-mouthed me when she could and he only lightly defended me, for fear she would rip his son away again. I was nervous for the coming drama. She had us over for dinner. When she opened the door, I stifled my grief and greeted her with a big smile and hugged her, saying I was so happy to meet her. I fell in love all over with my “new man”. I spent some time chasing giggles out of their son after dinner and I still grow closer to him every day. I thought everything would be easy. I thought I had done everything right.She met a man and moved in with him a month after meeting me. My husband’s son will be seven this month. She is bitter. She will hurt herself and hurt their son’s well being if it means hurting my husband. The last five years have been the hardest uphill battle I have ever faced. But that is not the issue. The issue is, I cannot cope with her behavior. I hate her for the way she hurt my husband in the past by ripping his son away from him. I hate how she does things out of spite to hurt him and I hate how she puts their son in the middle of it- hurting him too. We had to pay tens of thousands of dollars to see his son every other weekend, every other holiday, every Wednesday afternoon and every July. I am so drowned in my bitterness to her. I cant understand how she can be so mean. I think about it day and night. I obsess over wanting to make her jealous and fight with wishing I could want to show compassion.I like what you said about the broken family being family now. I would love to come to a point where I think of her as family. But I don’t know how to fix this. I don’t know how to adjust my emotions and her behaviors. Is there something I should do to make her see me as more of a friend? Am I just doomed to live in this for the rest of my life? I’m so distraught. What do you think?
 
Hey Melissa,My husband and I met at work when his son had just turned one and his bmama had just moved to another state with baby to live with man 2 of 4 since my husband. He and I fell in love over that year and got married. About a year after our wedding day, bmama came back just before the child turned 3 and my husband immediately went to her local court house to legitimate the child and establish child support. My husband was allowed to see the child in his bmama’s presence and on her schedule and made every arrangement to do so. They went out to eat, went to parks and museums and did all of that family stuff to get my husband re-aquainted with his son and I was not involved at all. One of their first outings was to her swimming pool that summer. I later found out she tried to wrap her legs around him and he says he pushed away from her  to the deep end. She giggled and asked if he had a girlfriend. That’s when she found out about me. Their “family time” went on for about four months. I had countless cry sessions on my drives home from work and sleepless nights while he lay next to me sleeping happily. I trusted him and had every reason to. He is a good and honest man. But that didn’t make it hurt any less.After those four months, they decided it was time for me to meet his son- and her. He had told me she bad-mouthed me when she could and he only lightly defended me, for fear she would rip his son away again. I was nervous for the coming drama. She had us over for dinner. When she opened the door, I stifled my grief and greeted her with a big smile and hugged her, saying I was so happy to meet her. I fell in love all over with my “new man”. I spent some time chasing giggles out of their son after dinner and I still grow closer to him every day. I thought everything would be easy. I thought I had done everything right.She met a man and moved in with him a month after meeting me. My husband’s son will be seven this month. She is bitter. She will hurt herself and hurt their son’s well being if it means hurting my husband. The last five years have been the hardest uphill battle I have ever faced. But that is not the issue. The issue is, I cannot cope with her behavior. I hate her for the way she hurt my husband in the past by ripping his son away from him. I hate how she does things out of spite to hurt him and I hate how she puts their son in the middle of it- hurting him too. We had to pay tens of thousands of dollars to see his son every other weekend, every other holiday, every Wednesday afternoon and every July. I am so drowned in my bitterness to her. I cant understand how she can be so mean. I think about it day and night. I obsess over wanting to make her jealous and fight with wishing I could want to show compassion.I like what you said about the broken family being family now. I would love to come to a point where I think of her as family. But I don’t know how to fix this. I don’t know how to adjust my emotions and her behaviors. Is there something I should do to make her see me as more of a friend? Am I just doomed to live in this for the rest of my life? I’m so distraught. What do you think?
 
HeavyHeart, first, I salute your courage in posting here! Your pain and frustration is a major reason why this blog exists. Too many women are going through this. That's why I caution women to "don't date, investigate".Your focus, like many women, was on you and your husband's romance. It wasn't until you married him that you discovered the complication of his relationship to his bmama. My advice to you is to stay focused. While it's true that you all are family that doesn't mean you all are married. The only relationship that needs to be priority to you is your marriage.  Second, let your husband take the lead on how to deal with bmama and then trust him. He created this family dynamic by having a child out of wedlock so it's his responsibility to handle it. So far, it sounds as if he's doing just that. You all don't have to be one big happy family grinning and bearing one another. The important thing is that your husband has an opportunity to be a part of his son's life. Blended families take a LOT of work and not all scenarios play out like Will and Jada. So relax, trust your husband to make good decisions concerning his son, support his decisions and the be confident in your position as the love of his life. This situation is not as bad as it seems and it will improve as soon as your attitude about it changes. Blessings to you! Feel free to stay connected by joining my Facebook group called Diary of A Baby Mam!
 
Melissa, I have found your blog to be so absolutely helpful and enlightening. I love and respect your clear view on things, and I can't tell you how much reading your blog has helped me realize some things. Also reading some of the other comments with women who have certain situations and reading your answers has helped as well. Hopefully very soon I'll have enough time to type out my specific situation and get your advice on it. I could really use it. I'm just really glad I ran across your blog. Bless you for writing this and helping women!~Sara
 
Sara, thank you so much for your comments and encouragement! You are why I do what I do. Please subscribe to this blog and stay connected to Diary's fb page. Blessings to you!
 
Hello melissa
 
Melissa,I'm hoping you're still read this blog. If not, I'll have to find another internet source to make me feel better lol.I(21) have been with my boyfriend(23) for a year and a half, and have been in his 2 year old (almost three) sons life for almost just as long. Maybe a month or two less. In the beginning, our relationship was rocky, and we were on and off. Then we did great for a while. But about 3 months ago, he decided to enlist into the Navy. I was angry and sad because it interfered with plans we had already made that I was excited about, and I didn't want to have a long distance relationship and what not... So our relationship went back to rocky. But about 3 weeks before he left to boot camp, we decided we loved eachother enough to try to make it work. Keep in mind,since we got together (happy with my boyfriend or not),I spent as much time as I could with his son, did things for him, helped his dad with money when things weren't so stable, and was honestly a very good mother figure to him while his mama wasn't there. I've always respected my boyfriends sons mother, and we've never had any issues until now. Because we weren't stable before he left, she is not allowing me to visit her son while he's at his grandmas or aunts houses (boyfriends parents don't live near us, so that's where the family would get to see him). She told me that when my boyfriend gets back from the Navy (4 years),if we are still together, then I'll be able to see him. I couldn't believe it, because even she told me how thankful she was that I loved her son and that she appreciated me. Why the sudden change? I tried to reason with her and told her I wouldn't continue my relationship with his family or son if I didn't see it working out. I know it's not good for little ones to be seeing the whole back-and-forth crap. I asked her to please reconsider her decision and allow my family and I to visit him when we can, and still no. I don't understand and it is so unfair. He is not my child,I know that, but it hurts so much to know that I can't see him. We had a very close relationship, he was very comfortable with me, and I'm so heartbroken over this. My first thought was that she didn't like me at all and couldn't wait until he left for the Navy, because since he had to sign over the child support stuff, she has full custody of him for now.I don't want to hate her. I want to understand her. I want to see some good out of her reasoning. But I'm furious and helpless because I know that he will forget me, and I've put all my love and many memories into this situation. Please help :(
 
MelissA,I'm hoping you Still Read this blog. If not, I'll have to find another internet source to make me feel better lol.I(21) have been with my boyfriend(23) for a year and a half, and have been in his 2 year old (almost three) sons life for almost just as long. Maybe a month or two less. In the beginning, our relationship was rocky, and we were on and off. Then we did great for a while. But about 3 months ago, he decided to enlist into the Navy. I was angry and sad because it interfered with plans we had already made that I was excited about, and I didn't want to have a long distance relationship and what not... So our relationship went back to rocky. But about 3 weeks before he left to boot camp, we decided we loved eachother enough to try to make it work. Keep in mind,since we got together (happy with my boyfriend or not),I spent as much time as I could with his son, did things for him, helped his dad with money when things weren't so stable, and was honestly a very good mother figure to him while his mama wasn't there. I've always respected my boyfriends sons mother, and we've never had any issues until now. Because we weren't stable before he left, she is not allowing me to visit her son while he's at his grandmas or aunts houses (boyfriends parents don't live near us, so that's where the family would get to see him). She told me that when my boyfriend gets back from the Navy (4 years),if we are still together, then I'll be able to see him. I couldn't believe it, because even she told me how thankful she was that I loved her son and that she appreciated me. Why the sudden change? I tried to reason with her and told her I wouldn't continue my relationship with his family or son if I didn't see it working out. I know it's not good for little ones to be seeing the whole back-and-forth crap. I asked her to please reconsider her decision and allow my family and I to visit him when we can, and still no. I don't understand and it is so unfair. He is not my child,I know that, but it hurts so much to know that I can't see him. We had a very close relationship, he was very comfortable with me, and I'm so heartbroken over this. My first thought was that she didn't like me at all and couldn't wait until he left for the Navy, because since he had to sign over the child support stuff, she has full custody of him for now.I don't want to hate her. I want to understand her. I want to see some good out of her reasoning. But I'm furious and helpless because I know that he will forget me, and I've put all my love and many memories into this situation. Please help :( 
 
I really think you focus to much on how the baby mama feels instead of the gf. Just because the gf and bf aren't married means nothing! Because at the end of the day the gf has feelings as well. She to has to find a balance & she to wants to be & continue to be happy. Just because another woman has a child by your man doesn't mean you hve to give all of your power away or move on. Gf dont just want to lose what they hve because "people" feel there's no hope in making a relationship work. I'm not saying it want take so work or time to accept the situation but everything takes time & if your man wants you just as much as you want him. He will find Balance!!
 
Hey i have a very unusual situation due to the fact i have not seen any other comments relating and im in need of some serious help!!!! Well im 21 i have a daughter that will be 2 with a guy who is now deceased and she was placed for adoption when that happened, only because i was struggling with the loss and alone and knew she would have a better life with the family i chose, she was young so it makes it a little easier on her. Anyway about 8 months after his death i met Sean and we hit it off so fast, he at the time was waiting for the arrival of his little girl she was born a few days after we started dating and iv been by his side through her crazyness, Well here is the kicker we are now about 5 months prego ourselves long complicated story =( and now all of a sudden she is all for Sean and having him involved keep in mind we have been fighting for him to just see pics for almost a year and now im prego she is so weird. Well here is my challenge in the beginning he cheated through text with her and trust issues grew but at the time she went through one of her i hate you you will know nothing about your daughter phases so it helped my trust but now here she is being all nice nice and talking to him everyday, And he swears up and down im the one he wants and wants to marry me but im so confused on how to handle this and learn to trust he will do the right thing HELP!!!!!      
 
Hey i have a very unusual situation due to the fact i have not seen any other comments relating and im in need of some serious help!!!! Well im 21 i have a daughter that will be 2 with a guy who is now deceased and she was placed for adoption when that happened, only because i was struggling with the loss and alone and knew she would have a better life with the family i chose, she was young so it makes it a little easier on her. Anyway about 8 months after his death i met Sean and we hit it off so fast, he at the time was waiting for the arrival of his little girl she was born a few days after we started dating and iv been by his side through her crazyness, Well here is the kicker we are now about 5 months prego ourselves long complicated story =( and now all of a sudden she is all for Sean and having him involved keep in mind we have been fighting for him to just see pics for almost a year and now im prego she is so weird. Well here is my challenge in the beginning he cheated through text with her and trust issues grew but at the time she went through one of her i hate you you will know nothing about your daughter phases so it helped my trust but now here she is being all nice nice and talking to him everyday, And he swears up and down im the one he wants and wants to marry me but im so confused on how to handle this and learn to trust he will do the right thing HELP!!!!!
 
Cyria, thank you for comment. Allow me to clarify something for you and others who may read this: this blog is called "Diary Of A Baby Mama" because it is written from a baby mama's perspective. I encourage women, whether they're wives, gf's or bmamas to take ownership of the issues discussed here and not to be victims who blame others for their misery. Thanks for stopping by. Please feel free to read other blog posts of mine. This one is just a popular subject. Blessings to you!
 
Hello Melissa!I(21) have been with my boyfriend(24) for a year and a half, and have been in his 2 year old(almost three) sons life for almost just as long. Maybe a month or two less.In the beginning, our relationship was rocky, and we were on and off. Then we were amazing for a long time until about 3 months ago, when he decided to enlist into the Navy. I was angry and sad because it interfered with plans we had already made that I was excited about, and I didn't want to have a long distance relationship and what not... So our relationship went back to rocky. But about 3 weeks before he left to boot camp, we decided we loved each other enough to make it work.Keep in mind, since we got together(happy with my boyfriend or not), I spent as much time as I could with his son, did things for him, helped his dad with money when things weren't so stable, and was honestly a very good mother figure to him while his mama wasn't there. I've always respected my boyfriends sons mother, and we've never had any issues until now.Because our relationship wasn't stable before he left, she is not allowing me to visit her son while he's at his grandmas or aunts houses (my boyfriends parents don't live near us so that's where the family would get to see him). She told me that when my boyfriend gets out of A-School(8 months) if we are still together, then I'll be able to see him. I couldn't believe it because even she told me a while ago how thankful she was that I loved her son and she appreciated me. Why the sudden change? I tried to reason with her and told her that I wouldn't continue my relationship with his family or her son if I didn't see it working out. I know it's not good for little ones to be seeing and back-and-forth crap. I asked her to please reconsider her decision and allow my family and I to visit him when he is with my boyfriends family. But still the answer was no. I don't understand and it is unfair. He is not my child, I know that, but it hurts so much to know that I cant see him. His son and I had a very close relationship. He was very comfortable with me, loved me, and I'm so heartbroken over this. My first thought was that she didn't like me at all and couldn't wait until he left for the Navy, because since he had to sign over the child support stuff, she now has full custody of him.I don't want to hate her. I want to understand her. But I'm furious and helpless because I know that he will forget me, and I've put all my love and many memories into this situation. Please help Melissa! My boyfriend and I are doing very well and I see myself marrying this guy. I'd like to not hate her for the rest of my life over this.
 
Cyria I think this blog is to help EVERYONE. I thank God for Melissa and her wise words because it has helped me out as a Bm and a woman. So get off the defense and LISTEN. There's a lesson here for us All. She's just tryna spare another sister for investing her time and hard earned work into a dead end situation that doesn't manifest into the prize...The  ring. I know gf's hate to see certain things but the truth is the truth.
 
Natasha, there are risks involved when you're building a relationship with someone and one of those risks is having your heart broken, not just from your guy but in separation from his children. Unfortunately you've gone as far as you can to improve the situation but mom is right in this instance. Admittedly, you and your guy have not been stable long enough to convince her that you'll last and as a mom, she's not willing to set her child up for potential heartbreak and rightfully so. But here's what you CAN do: if you truly believe that you and your guy have the real thing and you love his child, continue to do the work to build a strong, stable relationship. I know it may not seem like much of a benefit with the child not being there around you, but taking the time to work on your relationship is the best and most mature thing you can do. If bmama is wrong, prove it. Focus on your relationship. A child can only stand to benefit when parents have a loving, healthy and stable relationship. Blessings!
 
I have a bit of an age issue compared to everyone else here. I'm 40 and my bf is 44. Before me he dated a 22 yr and she got pregnant  and since had the baby.  I have 2 older kids(11 & 15) and so does he(11 & 22). We used to plan our future together until he had to go for a dna test. I think that really made it real. He doesn't want to drag me in the middle of this because it was a bad situation with her & her family. Not the typical bad either, worse. So he says he doesn't want to bring anyone into this with this family if he is the father. I think that should be my choice & I already understand what it's like to not get along with ex's & their family. I'm not really sure how to reassure him at this point or just let him go. :( Thank you for reading. 
 
Ava, thanks so much for stopping by. I'll move straight to the point. Your bf is telling you as nicely as he can that he does not want to have to manage a relationship with you and a bmama so he's choosing the bmama. He's masking this truth with making it sound like he's trying to protect you from his drama, but he's really trying to avoid the drama he's anticipating. It's not right nor fair and it's also not your job to try to argue this point with him. When people tell you who they are and WHERE they are in life, believe them. This is where he is. A loyal man that deeply loved you wouldn't be trying to abandon you for the sake of sparing you drama but would hold on tight when things got tough to fight it out TOGETHER. That's what YOU would do in similar circumstances, right? Accept nothing less. Blessings to you and guard your heart! 
 
Hi Melissa. Thank you for posting!!I'm 20 years old and my boyfriend recently had a baby with another girl (she was pregnant while we were dating but told my boyfriend to leave her alone and it was not his baby, it was her current boyfriend's baby). Then the baby is born looking exactly like my boyfriend but she still continues to believe it was her current boyfriend's child. A few weeks to a month later, she asks my boyfriend if he would like a paternity test. Results show that my boyfriend is in fact the father and a few days later we break up. I was highly upset of course but realized there was nothing I could do. And he told me he just wouldn't be able to live with himself if he did not try to work with his ex for the baby's sake. I let him go. Eventually, he comes back when he realized they broke up for a reason and a child just makes things harder for them to get along. So now the baby is 9 going on 10 months old and the ex is living with the boyfriend she was with when she was pregnant and I'm living with my boyfriend when I am home from school. I engage with the child but never try to be munipulitive by spoiling the child or having him say mama and call me mama. The only thing I've done is post pictures of him and I and she feels "disrespected". I assure you this is not my goal. I try putting myself in her shoes and I do understand her frustration but then I think of how I plan to spend the rest of my life with my boyfriend which means I will become a stepparent. She tells my boyfriend she's happy I'm there for Lucas but doesn't want me to display on Facebook that I do care for the child. Maybe I'm trying to take on the "wife" role before I am in fact his wife but I just don't see the big deal about pictures. It's not like I'm posting them with a caption saying me and my son. I post saying me and my little friend showing that I simply would like to be this little guy's friend until I become his stepmom. I don't want the child growing up thinking I don't like him because his mother would not like me to display how I care for him. She has even gone to the extreme of reporting my pictures on Facebook. On the other hand, her boyfriend may not post as much as me (he also isn't on Facebook as much as me in general) but has posted a picture of them on Facebook and shares posts about being a dad. Although my boyfriend sees these post and is a little hurt, he bites his tongue and realizes this is how it will be since he decided to have unprotected see with a woman he did not believe he could spend the rest of his life with. She is constantly the one fighting with us and although we question a lot of the things she does and how it makes us feel we simply just avoid the confrontation for the baby's sake. She does her own thing and posts about and we do our's. But she always finds a problem with us.Sorry this is so long but I need help from someone in my position. I don't want to disrespect anyone and would like for me to understand what is okay for me and what's not okay. 
 
sam95, thanks so much for posting. Here's my advice to you: pull the plug on you and your boyfriend's facebook connection to baby mama. There's absolutely no reason on God's green earth for the three of you to know each other's moves on social media and remaining low key stalkers of one another is just another excuse to remain petty and immature. You all already have a child that is 10 months old. Where are the grown up's? Ninety percent of your stress would be removed if you deleted/blocked baby mama and had your boyfriend do the same. If she needs to communicate, do so the grown up way: it's called a phone or face to face. You can post whatever you like when she doesn't have access to your facebook page and there's absolutely nothing illegal or immoral about posting pictures of your boyfriend's child when the child is with the two of you. Personally, I'm leery of others posting pics of my children because everybody isn't on the up and up online but there's little I can do if their father decides to do so. That's his business. Stop worrying about things that don't matter and definitely don't keep mess going on social media. Block!
 
Post a Comment
  Baller Alert.com Dezmon Briscoe's Baby Mama Drops The BOMB On Royce *Updated* Ballerific Events BallerBoards Latest Activity You need to be a member of Baller Alert.com to add comments! Miami - Angela Simmons Angela I Am South Beach Weekend @ South Beach 2/19 - 2/21 Nashville - Tenth Annual Black Affair Celebrating the Birthday of Robert "Black Rob" Higgins @ Marathon Music Works 2/19 Harrisburg, PA - Young Jeezy & Friends Live in Concert @ Holiday Inn East Resort 2/19 - 2/21 Miami - Angela Simmons Hosts Angela I AM South Beach Weekend @ Studio 23 2/19 St. Louis - State of Emergency 3 Starring Lil Wayne, Yo Gotti, 2 Chainz, Lil St. Louis & LA4SS @Chaifetz Arena 2/21 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 Charlotte - Rick Ross & DJ Envy Tourney Takeover @ The Harvey B. Gantt Center 2/26 Charlotte - Young Dolph, DJ Drama & Kenny Burns Host Ruth's Chris 8th Annual Day Party @ Ruth's Chris Steak House 2/27 Connecticut - Bryson Tiller Trapsoul Tour @ Oakdale Theatre 2/27 Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 
The Game Offers To Invest $10 Million In Kanye West
 
Original 'Good Times' Cast Starts Campaign for a Film
 
Spanish Civil Servant Who Skipped Work For 6 Years Still Got Paid
 
Chris Rock Dating Actress Megalyn Echikunwoke
 Kimora Lee Simmons' Husband  Involved In Overseas Bank Scandal Kimora Lee Simmons' Husband  Involved In Overseas Bank Scandal Nike Terminates Their Contract With Manny Pacquiao Kanye West Humbles Up TMZ Reports: Rihanna Had A Meltdown During Grammy Rehearsals Nike Terminates Their Contract With Manny Pacquiao Kanye West Humbles Up TMZ Reports: Rihanna Had A Meltdown During Grammy Rehearsals Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 Miami - All White Yacht Party @ South Beach Lady 3/12 Charlotte - Rich Homie Quan & Young Dolph Live in Concert @ Grady Cole Center 2/26 The Game Offers To Invest $10 Million In Kanye West Original 'Good Times' Cast Starts Campaign for a Film Spanish Civil Servant Who Skipped Work For 6 Years Still Got Paid Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use Baller Alert.com.  For Women Who Want The Ballerific Life!  Royce sure knows how to pick them. She thought she had a catch with her new & younger boyfriend, Dezmon Briscoe of the Tampa Bay Bucs but it looks like he has a little baggage he can't let go of....a baby mama who apparently didn't like what she saw on television last night! Christina Nero of Dallas, TX is the mother of Dezmon Briscoe Jr and according to some text messages she so nonchalantly dropped on Royce via Twitter, Dez has been trying to get that old thang back.        Looks like she didn't like what she saw on TV because just last night she sent the following tweets:   "I swear I almost threw up watching bbw fake ass relationship. In your 30 and your ass too Gullible #NotAGoodLookMaam. Any REAL woman, would encourage her man to come see his son or hell at least buy a pack of diapers"   And then...       "After this tweet I'm done Dezmon don't text me, no we aren't going to be a family, no you can't take me out to eat or no you can't see me. Unless it pertains to our son I don't want to hear from you! Which means I won't be hearing from you!"- Christina     In typical baby daddy behavior, I'm sure he'll spin this to Royce by saying "I said all those nice things to her because she be trippin! She won't let me see my child unless we're together". Hopefully Royce doesn't fall for the okie doke and she runs as fast as she can! She is clearly being played and baby mama is clearly not going to let this die. These young boys are a mess! Maybe Royce's dad was right! . Updated: I guess I was right about Dez's excuse and it also looks like Royce responded, in which baby mama Christina offered up more proof.    Come on now Royce, don't be stupid. Below is Dez's number if you're feeling freaky.  To which Royce replied...   
Views: 29428 Tags: Share !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");

Tweet




Facebook





 yay!!! I feel so good!! I sent youu these Dets!! loveee you eleven you my girrl!!  Thank ya girl :) this is a mess... the funny thing is the texts where he is coming at her don't have a date only the last one... which could technically be interpreted however many ways...from what I have seen he is always publicly flirting with Royce. She got in her feelings she has been waiting for this. So messy! @ Siren, I tried to put them in order the best I could assume but the first one DOES say Easter...so its very recent (unless it was last easter lol). Then again I doubt it was last easter because the baby doesn't look like he was alive back then LOL I feel you but they look like drafts not texts...something in the milk ain't clean. She got in her feelings when she heard him say that he was deeeply in love on tv. I think BM played herself by writing: That alone sounds to me like she was some thirsty azz chick who let a rich boy hit FOR FREE Well.. Ain't this a lesson learned for Royce.. don't go bragging about something that isn't completely yours... Damn. He's sexii too. smh.  And uhh, what she got, a Boost Mobile phone???  I bet it's a flip joint... Mhm.. BM is obviously doing this for attention she's spilling more tea... Eleven check it out Well the baby mama was right about one thing....Royce is hella guillable and too old to still be that way. Each season there is a different dude and every dude she claim is "the one". They both look stupid going back n forth when it seems he is playing them both if he is dating Royce but still trying to hook up with his baby mama. So I don't know why the BM thought she was proving anything special with the texts. She showed his texts but why didnt she post her replies? She is tripping.   Royce needs to learn to shut up period. She can't call out anyone else on sleeping around when she is with a new one every month. Comment Join Baller Alert.com 
RSS
 Welcome toBaller Alert.com Sign Upor Sign In Or sign in with:  
February 19, 2016 to February 21, 2016 – South Beach  
February 19, 2016 at 9pm to February 20, 2016 at 3am – Marathon Music Works  
February 19, 2016 at 10pm to February 21, 2016 at 8pm – Holiday Inn East Resort  
February 19, 2016 at 11pm to February 20, 2016 at 5am – Studio 23  
February 21, 2016 at 7pm to February 22, 2016 at 12am – Chaifetz Arena  
February 26, 2016 at 9pm to February 27, 2016 at 3am – Grady Cole Center  
February 26, 2016 at 10pm to February 27, 2016 at 2:30am – Harvey B. Gantt Center  
February 27, 2016 from 1pm to 8pm – Ruth's Chris Steak House  
February 27, 2016 at 8pm to February 28, 2016 at 12am – Oakdale Theatre  
March 12, 2016 from 11:30am to 4pm – South Beach Lady (boards at Sea Isle Marina, Pier 5)   
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 5 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 #KanyeWest may have asked #Facebook co-founder #MarkZuckerberg to invest $1 billion into "Kanye West ideas," but it's another rapper who is offering to help Yeezy out during his $53 million financial…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 6 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 The #1970s classic, #GoodTimes, could possibly coming to a theater near you. The original cast has teamed up with #Kickstarter for a campaign to raise $1 million for the film. BerNadette Stanis,…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 6 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 A court has ruled that a Spanish civil servant must pay back 27,000 Euros (US $30,000) in wages after it was discovered that he didn't show up to work for "at least six years" and had done…Continue 
                    Started by Asimplebijou in Talk Ish 18 hours ago.    
0 Replies

                    0 Likes


 #ChrisRock, 51, is reportedly dating actress Megalyn Echikunwoke, 32, according to a source allegedly close to the comedian that confirmed the news to Page Six.Echikunwoke has appeared in "CSI:…Continue  
    © 2016               Created by Baller Alert.             
    Powered by
 
Badges  | 
                        Report an Issue  | 
                        Terms of Service
 Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.   Heart-Shaped Stupid: The Worst Valentine's Day Gifts For Your Baby Mama Get the Babble Newsletter Already have an account? Sign in
 Well, it’s that time of year again. Coldness. Darkness. Silence. Boredom. Illness. Frozen barren landscapes. Sadness. You got it! It’s time to celebrate love! Yep, Valentine’s Day is rolling into town. A day unlike any other; a day devoted to spending money on the people we love the most (who are already the people we spend all of our money on anyway). Still, the Hallmark family has to have their Zillion Dollar Day, so we might as well just get on with it. As a father and a husband, I want to let my wife, my Baby Mama, know that I appreciate her. And so, in the weeks leading up to the 14th of February, I try to let my imagination climb the high peaks of possibility and conjure up wonderfully original gifts that I can give her to celebrate our eternal bond. Unfortunately, I have fallen on my  face nearly every single year. So this year, instead of  putting all of my Mega-Valentine Energy towards disappointing my wife, I’ve decide to step outside the box, and help other guys like me actually get it right. 

Heart-Shaped Steak
 1 of 20


Don't be this guy. Sure, to some folks nothing says 'I love you' like a special Valentine cut porterhouse. But chances are that person isn't the one who shares this life with you. If you have to buy this, I totally understand. Just stick it in the freezer for yourself for another day.

Image: shewalkssoftly.com



Love Is Back, Part 1
 2 of 20


Sometimes, we get swept up in an idea. Dang, we think to ourselves, she is going to see this and remember why she fell in love with me in the first place! Uhhh..excuse me... but no. No she's not.

Image: funkjelly.com



Love Is Back, Part 2
 3 of 20


Putting Baby Mama's name in ink is sorta cliche at this point, huh? Tons of fellows have the name of that special someone, or that special ex-someone, living forever down next to Bart Simpson on their calf. So, when you decide to take it up a notch or two, and nail something even more original to knock her socks off (and maybe more!) when you come home Valentine's night, just remember I warned you that you are going to freak her out. And not in a good way.

Image: whyaremensodumb.com



Getaway! GET AWAY!
 4 of 20


Every year around this time a lumbering cliche of Yeti proportions comes barreling out of the woods and collapses in the backyard. His old Indian name is Bedandbreakfast. Or Bed and Breakfast, to you and me. Don't get me wrong: there is nothing wrong with treating your Baby Mama to an awesome relaxing night or two away from the hustle and flow of your kids, but make certain you do your homework here. Plan the thing out. Research inns in the country or hotels in the city. Don't think that horrific weekend getaways are just the stuff of sitcoms. Otherwise, you may find yourself all alone, walking along some backwoods lane in rural Vermont, with that Yeti close behind.

Image: timesunion.com



The New Spice/The Wrong Spice
 5 of 20


So-called experts claim that monogamous couples need to find new and exciting ways to liven things up in the sack. And they're probably right. I mean, it doesn't necessarily take a skeevy Dr. Phil to shine a little light on the fact that physical romance ebbs and flows with time, right? Okay fine. But, please. When you are out there shopping around for that spicy little Valentine gift for the little lady, make sure it's something super right for the job. Otherwise you might end up in these with one of your buddies, as she points the revolver at you.

Image: nerdnirvana.org



Honey, I Knew You’d Love A New Candyland!
 6 of 20


Yes, the little one or little ones that you share with Baby Mama are the precious/expensive/wonderful glue that holds the whole family together. No one will argue that. Still, DO NOT make the very specific and fatal mistake of confusing her love for her children with a Valentine's Day gift for her that involves the children. A picture of her and the kids is okay, but beyond that, make sure what you get her isn't something that is only fun or useful with the bambinos hanging on it or eating it or riding it or wearing it, too.

Image: divinesecretsofadomesticdiva.com



Brutal Honesty Is Not Romantic, Part 1
 7 of 20


I'm not gonna lie. There are times when, if a Great White Shark happened to be swimming past my wife while we were doing one of our ocean frolics after a massive fight, there are times when I might nudge her a little towards the hungry man-eater. There, I said it, okay? YOU, on the other hand, probably shouldn't be broadcasting that particular message on Valentine's Day with a gift like this. Unless, of course, you have, like, $600 just sitting around and a Baby Mama/lover with the most epic imagination under the sun.

Image: parentdish.com



Brutal Honesty Is Not Romantic, Part 2
 8 of 20


Passing on the shark was probably a good idea, but in all honesty, you might wanna re-visit the shark again if you are seriously thinking about a gift for her like this. She already probably senses that half the time she is talking to you you aren't even listening: you're thinking about food. Don't do it, dude. Yes, she WOULD be cute in this. But she will never ever see it that way.

Image: imag.com



Wino Charm
 9 of 20


For a lot of wonderful Baby Mamas, there is nothing like a glass of wine at the end of the day to take the edge off the chaos of parenting. However, allow me to subtly inform you that there is a fine line between the delicate flower who enjoys a glass of Pinot Grigio or two and the type of wild sauce guzzler who needs a crocheted glass holder on a lanyard to make it through the night. Although, if you're looking for Christmas ideas for moi...

Image: boozenews.com



Dream Griddle
 10 of 20


The name says it all, really. The Dream Griddle is that long lost link between modern Valentine's day gifts for your sweetheart and dragging home a clobbered antelope for the woman you force to cower in your cave. I know, I know: everyone loves to wake up to the smell of sizzling bacon. But take it from me, you can go too far with breakfast meats; and giving her this would qualify.

Image: dadsinthekitchenblog



FaceBookFace
 11 of 20


Perhaps your sweet gal enjoys her private time out in cyber space? Perhaps you notice that she really revels in her 'alone' time catching up on her favorite blogs and websites, watching YouTube videos of squirrels who water ski. Well, if that's the case, at first glance this little creation seems intriguing/warm/ and fuzzy. But then, reality kicks in, and you realize that unless your Baby Mama is hanging out in the rec room of a sanitarium, the giving of this gift to her this Valentine's day will likely haunt you for the rest of eternity.

Image: gadgetcage.com



Puppy Mistakes
 12 of 20


A this point in the history of the world, some exceptionally bizarre people have probably figured out the ways to have puppies born with little marketable fur patterns. You know: Christmas Trees, Hearts,  Pittsburgh Steelers logos. whatever. The thing is, you need to be aware of this mega-fact, okay? Okay, here it it. Unless she pretty much already KNOWS that she is getting a puppy or a kitten or a tarantula because she already pointed at the one she wanted when you BOTH went shopping for the pet you were going to 'surprise' her with on Valentine's Day, then actually giving her a pet is more than likely the worst idea you have ever had. 

Image: zimbio



A Royal Screw (Up)
 13 of 20


On rare occasions, we cross paths with the sort of gag gifts that we, in the deepest crevices of our senses of humor, believe will both make our Baby Mama chuckle and feel a little frisky at the same time. Beware. This notion is completely false and fake and there is not even a drop of truth contained anywhere within its bird-brained conception (pun intended). Gifts like these "condoms of distinction" are called Gag Gifts for a reason. Plus, if they don't work: she might end up giving birth to a King or a Queen and how the heck are you going to afford that?

Image: latimesblogts.com



The Cabelas Rule
 14 of 20


There is nothing in Cabelas that your Baby Mama wants for Valentine's Day. There are things that you want her to want. But that is a much different thing and to confuse the two would simply be the tragedy of a simple fool. 

Image: Cabelas.com



Big Bad Lingerie
 15 of 20


Every man likes to imagine his sweetheart in nothing but 11-inch shimmery stiletto boots and a size-small lobster net. But beware when you're out there buying her the lingerie of your dreams: make sure you spend a little and try and get her something quality that will feel good on her, and not just look good to you. I mean, let's face it, you'd be happy with two McDonald's french fry bags and a pair of Daisy Dukes. Actually, come to think of it, so would I. But still, get her the nice stuff, not the NASCAR stuff.

Image: Etsy.com



Beer Carvings
 16 of 20


Deep in the old pine forests of Bavaria there live a small sect of craftsmen who specialize in the ancient art of Beer Carving. For centuries now they've been creating their tiny Bavarian Hearts on the sudsy heads of ales and beers, creations so valuable/so fleeting that you can only have one made for you by visiting their alpine village and hiring one of them to carve for you and your Baby Mama right there in the town Bier-Haus. So, don't get any crazy ideas about faking this and doing one of these carvings yourself, man. She'll know it isn't genuine. And you'll pay the price.

Image: breweryadventures.com



I Heart You
 17 of 20


Very few Valentine gifts have the traditional timeless grace of the heart charm on a sleek chain. That heart around her neck says she knows love, and love knows her right back. It is, without a doubt, one of the finest gifts a man can present his Baby Mama at Valentine's Day. Unless, of course, he decides to put a little twist to the deal and offers her up one of these more realistic heart charms instead. In which case, it will look as if she is wearing a lump of exploded roadkill on her chest. Which is what every lady wants, no?

Image: deviantheart.com



Worth Your Weight In Love
 18 of 20


Chocolates used to be pretty foolproof. There was a time when a box of bon-bon's was a one-way ticket to "At-Least-I-Didn't-Forget-Ville". But times have changed, man. So, something like this - a goofy chocolate gag involving her weight - although it might seem kind of funny, it's not. It's not funny at all. Trust me. You give her this and the cops are coming tonight.

Image: funny-potato.com



Car Art
 19 of 20


Go ahead. Get a bar of soap and some of those specialty crayons and on the night before Valentine's Day secretly cover up her car with hearts and I Love U's. Then, next morning, while she's still in her robe: make her cover her eyes and lead her out to the garage or the curb. She'll be thinking: OMG, he got me a new car!!!!! And then you holler,"Surprise!" and she uncovers her eyes and the two of you are further away for each other than ever before.

Image: kristiriley.com



Relax
 20 of 20


No, not champagne hot tub relax (although, if you take her there you rule). What I mean is: Valentine's Day shouldn't be as much pressure as I just made it all sound. Heck, I was just messing with you. Tell the woman in your life that you love her. Tell her that you need her. Bust out some gas station roses and maybe a bottle of 9 dollar vino. Just enjoy the day, but remember that Valentine's Day is just a once a year thing, so don't stress it at all. And seriously: don't let her see that you bought that heart-shaped steak.

Image: mamrie.wordpress.com



	  $(window).load(function(e) {

	    var sTotal =  20;
	    var sCurrent = 1; 

	    $('.flexslider').on('click', '.flex-prev', function() {
	    googletag.pubads().refresh();
	    if( sCurrent > 1 )
	    {
	    --sCurrent;
	    cto.track({'galleryPagename':'Heart-Shaped Stupid: The Worst Valentine&#8217;s Day Gifts For Your Baby Mama:image'+sCurrent});
	    } else if( sCurrent == 1 ) {
	    sCurrent = sTotal;
	    cto.track({'galleryPagename':'Heart-Shaped Stupid: The Worst Valentine&#8217;s Day Gifts For Your Baby Mama:image'+sCurrent});
	    }
	    })

	    $('.flexslider').on('click', '.flex-next', function() {

	    googletag.pubads().refresh();
	    if( sCurrent == 1 || sCurrent < sTotal )
	    {
	    ++sCurrent;
	    cto.track({'galleryPagename':'Heart-Shaped Stupid: The Worst Valentine&#8217;s Day Gifts For Your Baby Mama:image'+sCurrent});
	    } else if( sCurrent == sTotal ) {
	    sCurrent = 1;
	    cto.track({'galleryPagename':'Heart-Shaped Stupid: The Worst Valentine&#8217;s Day Gifts For Your Baby Mama:image'+sCurrent});
	    }
	    })
	    });
	    
 You can also find Serge on his personal blog, Thunder Pie.  Baby Mama T-Shirts Search: baby mama T-Shirts with your own message – as unique as you Delivered right to your inbox This page requires JavaScript in order to function correctly.  
 still to fill   When The Checks Stop Coming In: Chris Bosh’s Baby Mama Loses $30K A Month Child Support Case And Stays On Food Stamps Chris Bosh’s Baby Mama Loses Legal Battle Comments Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Find us on YouTube Trending Search Keywords:
					
 Celebrities Topics Celebrities News Exclusives Videos Photos Info Topic Results We Broke It Here First!
Dirty Dog Diaries
Jesus Take The Wheel
New Couple???
Put on Blast
Race Matters
 2015 Bossip Awards: Couples Who Won’t Be Around Next Year [Video] 2015 Bossip Awards: STFU Category… Featuring Raven Symone, Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Meek Mill And More! 2015 Bossip Awards: Who Wins The Dirty Dog Of The Year Honors? [Video] Alano Miller & Renwick Scott Explain Color Issues In The South And Talk Characters On “Underground” [Video] Exclusive Beef Explained: Jennifer Williams Breaks Down The Problem With Claudia Jordan On “Next 15” (Don’t Be Scared) [Video] #LHHATL Exclusive: Erica Dixon Talks Restraining Order Against No-Child Support Paying Little Scrappy [Video] End Of Days: Creepy Preacher Talks New Money, Little Girl Receiving His Gifts, And Sings “How Dumb Thou Are!” [Video] Pastor Manning On Black Lives Matter Suicide “It Is A Demon Inspired Org” [Video] Brotherman’s Girlfriend Is Angry He Spent $5000 On Suicide Doors For The Cadillac [Video] Jason Derulo Drops Music Video Starring K. Michelle “Naked” [Video] VV Brown Drops Whiteface Music Video “Sacrifice” And Loses White Fans.. [Video] For Valentines Day: Meelah “Stupid In Love” [Video] Exclusive Shots Fired: Real Housewives Of Potomac’s Karen Throws Shade At Gizelle [Video] Exclusive: Stevie J Gives DBS The Real On Threesome With Mimi Faust & Joseline Hernandez [Video] DBS Exclusive: ‘Growing Up Hip Hop’ Cast Talk Peen Picks, Yo Gotti Sliding In Angela Simmons’ DM’s, And More [Video] If You Missed It Last Night… Here’s Why You Need To Watch The PBS Black Panther Party Documentary Film [Video] #LHHNY’s Amina Buddafly Talks Peter Gunz “I Never Took Him Back After Impregnating Tara” [Video] Wendy Williams’ Hot Topics Grammy Recap: Says Rihanna Pulled Out Because She’s Scared Of Beyonce! [Video]  Chris Bosh just got skated out a lot of future baby mama drama payments… A judge in Orlando sided with Bosh in his attempt to be deemed an official resident of Texas instead of Florida! You may be wondering why Bosh keeps claiming he doesn’t live in Florida three years into his contract with the Heat? Because, as we’ve previously reported, his baby mama, Allison Mathis is only getting $2,600-a-month in child support from him because of a ruling in Texas, which Bosh claims as his official residence. Via EurWeb: Had Bosh been found to be a Florida resident, he’d be looking at $30,000-a-month in child support for the next 15 years, reports Jose Lambiet’s Gossip Extra.     The ruling comes as part of a three-year battle between Bosh and an ex-girlfriend over their three-year-old daughter. The Heater was married last year to Adrienne Bosh. They have an infant son.     But when he played for the Toronto Raptors, Bosh lived with Allison Mathis, who got pregnant through fertility treatment.     Jane Carey, Mathis’ attorney, called today’s ruling a “miscarriage of justice” and promised to appeal.     “Everybody knows that Texas is rough on horses and women,” Carey said. “Now, I guess that any young man in Florida who makes big money should get a Texas address before they have a baby.     “They’ll save a lot of money that way.”     In August, the Dallas born-and-bred Bosh did appear before Orange County Circuit Court Judge Robert Evans and was grilled for two hours about his current residency. At the time, Carey stopped just short of calling him a liar.     At that hearing, Bosh admitted that, in order to get a mortgage to pay for his $12.5 million-Miami Beach home, he signed an affidavit swearing that the North Bay Road mansion would be his primary residence.     Bosh also fielded questions on why his name was purged from Texas’ voters lists.     But Judge Evans said he based his decision on one set of documents: Bosh’s income-tax filings, sent to the IRS from Texas! Chris Bosh just made out like a fat kid in the candy shop. How do these guys keep skating on child support?  Neyo’s Ex Baby Mama Lost Her Mind: She Wants $ For Cheating On Him And Getting Pregnant With Another Man’s Baby LET’S CONNECT TWITTER INSTAGRAM LATEST BUZZ O.J. Simpson And Khloe Kardashian: Father And Daughter? Did You Know Gummy Worms Were This Gross? Jessica Simpson Still Struggling With Weight After Baby FACEBOOK FANS ARCHIVES  Do you remember the VH1 “Behind The Music” Episode with Neyo? I watched it feeling so good that my suspicions were true. Dude is a good guy. Have his Ex fake baby mama tell it…he is a snake who needs to pay her more money….not really sure why tho’? Here is the story, Jesseca White (not the model) was claiming that Ne-Yo was the father of her son when they were dating. When she first told him that she was pregnant; he was so excited about the baby and was really looking forward to having his first child. He was there was for the entire pregnancy and paid for everything along the way. But, she had a nasty secret. Shortly after the baby was born, she could no longer keep her secret.  She cried and finally admitted that the boy, Chimere, whom Neyo named after himself, was actually not his baby. Neyo was heartbroken and fell into a depression. He was so sad because he really loved this girl and was in love with the baby. Crazy thing is Neyo’s mom always had a feeling that baby was not his. She never liked Jesseca. But, Neyo was so blinded by his love that he could not hear it. A partenity test later proved that the boy was not Neyo’s baby. Being a true gentleman, Neyo paid her $575,000 and went ghost on her. As if that gesture was not enough, now, Jesseca hired Attorney Gloria Allred to get more money out of Neyo. She is claiming that he broke a confidentiality clause by talking about the paternity issue on the episode of VH1 “Behind The Music.” According to her Attorney, in a letter sent to TMZ:  “Jesseca has been defamed, ridiculed and harassed… Jesseca has been unable to work, was forced to file for state aid, suffers from mental anguish and is beset by nausea, vomiting and hair loss.” Can you say thirsty female? This woman has no idea how lucky she is that Neyo did not turn his back on her after she cheated and made him think that he had a son who was not even his baby. Jesseca has the nerve to now ask Ne-Yo to settle the matter amicably out of court otherwise she’ll be “forced to pursue more serious legal options.” I am going to need Jesseca to go find a real job and something more productive to do with her time. If you were Neyo would you have paid her any money at all? Only  registered  users can comment.  © 2016 BoujiBuzz All Rights Reserved. 
  Advertisements  
Hollywood Life by Bonnie Fuller
 ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Casts Larisa Oleynik As Ezra’s Baby Mama Latest Fashion News: Latest Fashion Photos: Latest Beauty News: Latest Beauty Photos: ‘The Secret World of Alex Mack’ star is coming to Rosewood — along with another big surprise! — Andy Swift      Photos Coming soon. Photos Coming soon. The expression on Larisa Oleynik‘s face in this picture is the exact same one I had when I found out she was going to be on Pretty Little Liars. The old-school Nickelodeon icon joins PLL for its Aug. 28 summer finale as Maggie, the estranged baby mama of Ezra Fitz (Ian Harding). Any guesses as to why she — and Aria (Lucy Hale) — look so surprised? Maybe Ezra is preparing to drop yet another bombshell. To be fair, Larisa’s done quite a bit of TV since her Alex Mack days — she recently had recurring roles on Mad Men and Hawaii Five-O — but fans of classic ’90s television will always have a special place for her in their hearts. Why do you think everyone looks so surprised in this picture from the season finale? Drop me a comment with your best theory about what else Ezra might have up his sleeve! Follow @AndySwift More Pretty Little Liars: The Best Backstage Fall '16 Shoe Shots At New York Fashion Week TVLine Items: Hutcherson to Hulu, S.H.I.E.L.D. Casts Slingshot… Fox+ Premium Package Launches in Brazil With 'The Walking Dead,'… YouTube Star Jordan Doww Joins CESD; British Actress Nita Mistry… Productores de los Grammy Awards defienden su tributo a Natalie… The Power of Content Copyright © 2016 PMC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  Justin Bieber Mocks Alleged Baby Mama Mariah Yeater on Twitter Trending Now Related Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Ogle Gigi Hadid's Sheer Jumpsuit Justin Bieber Mocks Alleged Baby Mama Mariah Yeater on Twitter 
News
 Justin Bieber is having the last laugh. Mariah Yeater, 20, made headlines last fall when she claimed Bieber was the father of her baby and the singer is only just now laughing about it. Bieber, 18, tweeted on Saturday, "Dear mariah yeeter…we have never met…so from the heart i just wanted to say…" He then linked to a YouTube clip of Sacha Baron Cohen&apos;s Borat character repeating, "You will never get this. You will never get this. La la la la la…" 
PHOTOS: Justin&apos;s biggest celeb fans
 
PHOTOS: Justin&apos;s biggest celeb fans
 Yeater claimed in late October of last year that she became pregnant with Bieber&apos;s baby after a sexual encounter backstage his concert at the Staples Center in L.A. when she was 19 and Bieber was 16. The "baby" singer said he had never met Yeater and reportedly took a DNA test to prove her wrong. 



Mariah Yeater
Getty


 Yeater withdrew her lawsuit and Bieber&apos;s team said in a statement they would, "vigorously pursue all available legal remedies to protect Justin and hold those involved with bring this suit accountable for their actions." The tweet Bieber addressed to Yeater (though he spelled her name wrong) was part of his "Random Twitter Hour" on Saturday.  He tweeted anything and everything that came to mind including, "Kinda weirded out that no one got the secret meaning of #boyfriend Obviously listening closely you can tell its about the migration of birds." 
PHOTOS: 2011&apos;s biggest turkeys
 
PHOTOS: 2011&apos;s biggest turkeys
 Tell Us: Do you think Justin Bieber&apos;s baby mama tweet was funny? You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! 


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





 
                Don't have an Us Weekly account? 
                Sign up here.
             
Sign In
 


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





 
            Want to be an Us Insider? Sign up for exclusive news about your favorite celebrities and more.
         
            Already a member? Click here.
         


























        .st1{fill:#001722;} .st2{fill:#FFFFFF;}
    





  
Register
  Ne-Yo’s ‘Ex-Baby’ Mama Sues Him Over Non-Paternity Status  
								PolitickerOne  Trending  
								Top Ten  Recommended Top Ten Videos to watch Wildin’ Out Wednesday: What The Hell Were They… The Best Apps To Help You Keep Resolutions Courting The Black Vote: Are Candidates Taking The… Mass Shootings Erupt In January 2016, Many Incidents… U.S. Marshals Arrest Man For Outstanding Federal Student… Bridging The Gap: Black Lives Matter And The… New Film Celebrates Legacy Of The Black Panthers Obama Vows To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy Experts Pen Open Letter Requesting Gov. Snyder Establish… Cleveland Mayor Apologizes For $500 Ambulance Charge Guilty Of Manslaughter WTH?! Thursday: Woman Wrecks Her Own Car While… NYPD Cops First To Testify Before Federal Grand… $500 For Tamir Rice's Last Ambulance Ride? Wildin’ Out Wednesday With Actress/Comedian Kym Whitley White Feminists Attack Beyonce For Being Left Out… Black Teen Who Volunteered For Donald Trump’s Iowa… DOJ Sues Ferguson Over Police Misconduct, Proposed Reforms Trump & Sanders Win New Hampshire Primaries Danielle Nicolet Talks Season 2 Of TV One’s… Where Is Donald Trump's Jobs Plan? "Crushing Anxiety" NewsOne Now NAACP Image Awards Recap: Big Winners,… “It’s Called Show Business, It Should Be Called… Stars React To The Passing Of Earth, Wind… Justice League NYC Talks Social Justice, Police Accountability… #FlintWaterCrisis: Judge Greg Mathis Likens Poisoning Of An… Criminal Case Against Bill Cosby Will Move Forward GA Lawmaker Defends KKK, Then Withdraws Name From… Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015 Ben Crump: Holtzclaw Victory Barely Skims The Surface… Stay Informed: 6 Things You Need To Know… The Myth, The Legend, The Star? Why We… Roe v. Wade Turns 43 & Women Are… 
								1. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Viola Davis Wins an Emmy for HTGWM							 
								2. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Misty Copeland’s “I Will, What I Want” Commercial							 
								3. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Zendaya and Amandla Read The Girls For Filth							 
								4. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: The Year of The Black Cover Girl							 
								5. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Common and John Legend at the Oscars							 
								6. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Cicely Tyson Scratching Viola Davis’ Scalp on ‘HTGAWM’							 
								7. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Tristan Wilds in the Adele Video							 
								8. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Grace Jones’ AfroPunk Performance							 
								9. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Beyonce’s Met Gala Dress							 
								10. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: The Throning of Queen Serena							 
								11. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: Missy Elliot’s Super Bowl Halftime Performance							 
								12. Top Black Pop Culture Moments of 2015: That Bill Cosby ‘EBONY’ Cover							 
								13. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Dem Patty Pies							 
								14. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: The Rise of ‘Empire’							 
								15. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Drake Demolishes the Internet							 
								16. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: “Miley, What’s Good?”							 
								17. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Ava DuVernay’s Barbie Sells Out in 17 Minutes							 
								18. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: John Boyega Stays Drinking White Tears							 
								19. Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015: Everything Black Twitter Did							 
								20. Worst Moments In Pop Culture Moments Of 2015							 Top Black Pop Culture Moments Of 2015 Also On News One: Clinton & Trump Dominate Polls Ahead Of South… Supreme Court Justice Battle Obama Vows To Fill Supreme Court Vacancy Trump Supporters File Birther Lawsuit Against Cruz Courting The Black Vote: Are Presidential Candidates Taking The Right Approach In Appealing To African-Americans? Michelle Obama Takes A Stand On Mental Health In Compelling Op-Ed President Obama: “Mr. Trump Will Not Be President” Mass Shootings Erupt In January 2016, Many Incidents Went Under-Reported Attorneys Request Special Prosecutor In Laquan McDonald Case Florida Teen Arrested For Impersonating A Doctor After Performing Exam On Undercover Cop Get Informed! 4 Charged In Shooting Of Minneapolis Black Lives… Welcome To The New & Improved NewsOne The Most Dangerous Religious Extremists Hail From The… Black Women Rape Victims Are Under Assault During… Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP 3 years ago Singer Ne-Yo is having to deal with former baby mama Jesseca White yet again. The ex-gal pal has hired “every man’s nightmare and every woman’s fantasy” attorney Gloria Allred to assist her in possibly taking the crooner to the cleaners. White is reportedly incensed that Ne-Yo publicly discussed their agreement to keep secret his non-paternity status about a baby White though she had with the singer. The story is a complicated one. Ne-Yo and White had a baby in 2009 and he thought the child was his at first but, in fact, it turned out that it wasn’t. Ne-Yo and his ex agreed to remove his name from the child’s birth certificate. The former lovers also settled the matter to the tune of $575,000, which he reportedly handed over to her and they both agreed to keep the entire incident under lock and key, never to discuss it with anyone. In September 2012, Ne-Yo appeared on “Behind the Music,” where he opened up the can of beans about the entire ugly drama that involved his non-paternity status with White. Bad move!  What about the agreement? Now Allred has allegedly sent Ne-Yo a letter stating that his public account of what took place with regards to the paternity matter with White has rocked the young woman’s world. Allred claims that White is unable to find work, has filed for state aid, suffers from mental anguish and is “beset by nausea, vomiting and hair loss” because of Ne-Yo’s blabbing about their past relationship. White is now asking for an unspecified out-of-court settlement or else she’ll take her legal threats a huge step further.  From <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/22/sandra-bland-family-non-indictment/" target="_blank"><strong>Sandra Bland</strong></a> to the shootings in <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/06/20/why-is-south-carolina-using-a-judge-in-the-charleston-church-massacre-who-has-used-the-n-word-before/" target="_blank">Charleston, South Carolina</a>, African Americans were sadly reminded that being <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/13/police-brutality-2015/" target="_blank">Black in America</a> is much harder than it ought to be. And yet in the same breath, 2015 was a year of Black joy during which our culture dominated not only in our lives, but in the mainstream consciousness. From <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/07/16/lee-daniels-and-taraji-p-henson-emmy-empire/" target="_blank">Cookie Lyons</a> to the <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/10/17/ebony-editor-comments-cosby-cover/" target="_blank">Cosby <em>Ebony </em>cover</a>, our brilliance helped to push the conversation, affirm our greatness, make history and most important, make us laugh.

So to celebrate that greatness, we put together this list of the most defining Black pop culture moments of 2015. And don’t worry: <a href="http://hellobeautiful.com/2015/12/08/rachel-dolezal-interview/" target="_blank">Rachel Dolezal </a>is nowhere to be seen. Copyright © 2016 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP  Arnold Schwarzenegger's Baby-Mama Mistress Speaks! News/  E! Is Everywhere E! Is Everywhere E! Is Everywhere E! Is Everywhere E! ist überall E! Is Everywhere E! est partout E! Is Everywhere 
 2016 GRAMMYS: 5 BIGGEST JAW-DROPPERS
 
			
				
					Latest News
				
				
			
		 
Blooming Beauty
 
			
				
					Top Stories
				
				
			
		 YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE FROM AROUND THE WEB MORE ON EONLINE 
News/
						
					
				
			 
Red Carpet/
						
					
				
			 
Photos/
						
					
				
			 
News/
						
					
				
			 U.S. CA U.K. AU DE FR Brazil Today    Your source for all things celebrity and entertainment. 
by
		
		
		
			
				
					Josh Grossberg



		    (function (strDate, edition) {
		        var articleDate = new Date(Date.parse(strDate));
 		        var articleLocalDateString;
		        if (!!moment){
		        	var localeMoment = moment(articleDate);
			        if (edition === 'de') {
			        	localeMoment.locale(edition);
			        	articleLocalDateString = localeMoment.format('llll');
			        } else if (edition === 'fr') {
			        	articleLocalDateString = localeMoment.format("[le] DD/MM/YYYY - à HH[h]mm"); //we prefer this
			        } else {
			        	articleLocalDateString = localeMoment.format('llll');
			        }
		        } else {
		        	articleLocalDateString = articleDate.toLocaleString();
		        }

		        var thisScript = document.currentScript || document.getElementById('thisScript');
		        thisScript.previousElementSibling.innerHTML = articleLocalDateString;
			    thisScript.setAttribute("id","");
			    
		    })('2011-06-14T10:57:26-08:00', "us");
		
 A month after it was revealed that she fathered a love child with Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Sperminator's low-key housekeeper is finally talking. In a sit-down with Hello! magazine, Mildred Baena said that when she first told her now-13-year-old son that his real dad was none other than Schwarzenegger, his response was short and sweet: "Cool!" You get the feeling there's a part for him in the next Terminator film? MORE: Arnold and His Mistress: A Timeline of a Scandal The Guatemalan-born domestic worker also set the record straight about when she first realized Schwarzenegger was the father and how estranged wife Maria Shriver found out about thei extramarital affair. "It was as [my son] grew and I started to see the resemblance that I wondered—but it became more apparent as time went on," said Baena, a mother of three who was married at the time she and Schwarzenegger were getting it on. She divorced shortly after her son's birth. Baena, who worked in the Schwarzenegger household for 20 years and had a close relationship with the family, said that when she brought her son to the Schwarzenegger home one summer, a number of people commented on his resemblance to Arnold, but it was finally Shriver who broached the subject of her betrayal and her hubby pumping a little more than iron. "She would say things like, 'I'm here if you need to talk.' I sensed something was up. I have so much love and respect for Maria," Baena said. "Finally, she asked point blank." At that point, Baena broke down and confessed, but to her shock and amazement, instead of anger, she recalled that her boss was surprisingly compassionate—especially given Shriver was pregnant with her and Schwarzenegger's son Christopher at the same time Mildred was pregnant (the two boys were born three weeks apart). "She was so strong. She cried with me and told me to get off my knees. We held each other and I told her it wasn't Arnie's fault, that it takes two," Baena said. Schwarzenegger has since taken responsibility, buying Baena and her son a house in Bakersfield and helping them financially. After the scandal broke, the illegitimate baby mama remained tight-lipped about their affair and went into hiding. But now that their secret is out, a contrite Baena has nothing but sympathy for Schwarzenegger. "He's a good man and I know he's suffering too. He loves Maria. I hope with time they work things out," she said. Better late than never. MORE: Arnold & Maria—Anatomy of a Split RELATED VIDEOS: Fashion Police Compares SelGo's Dress to Bieber's ''Balls'' document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-16T16:15:00 PST', "us")); Miss Last Night's Grammys 2016 Livestream? Watch the Show Recap Now! document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-16T11:21:00 PST', "us")); 17 Makeup Products Later... document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-16T09:59:58 PST', "us")); Whose Grammys Look Reigned Supreme? Vote Now! document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-16T09:53:56 PST', "us")); Chrissy Teigen & John Legend Nuzzle Each Other for E!'s Glambot document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-16T05:45:00 PST', "us")); Melissa McCarthy Is the Most Ruthless Grocery Shopper We've Ever Seen document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-17T14:52:32 PST', "us")); Is Shonda Rhimes the New Oprah? document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-17T14:45:17 PST', "us")); Confessions from Beyoncé's Stylist document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-17T14:43:45 PST', "us")); Is Family Feud the Dirtiest Show on TV? document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-17T14:04:03 PST', "us")); Here's Where Kanye West's $53 Million Went document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-17T12:58:00 PST', "us")); Kylie Jenner Teams Up With PUMA; What Will Kanye West Say? document.write(timeDiff('2016-02-17T12:57:43 PST', "us")); This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our US edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our Canadian edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our UK edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our Australian edition? Dieser Inhalt ist für internationale Besucher verfügbar. Möchtest du ihn in der deutschen Version anschauen? This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our German edition? Une version adaptée de ce contenu est disponible pour notre public international. Souhaitez-vous voir ça dans notre édition française ? This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our French edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to US edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to Canadian edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to UK edition? This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to Australian edition? Möchtest du zur deutschen Version wechseln? Do you want to go to the German edition? Souhaitez-vous vous rendre sur l'édition française ? Do you want to go to the French edition? Nós especializamos nosso site para sua região! Você gostaria de ir para E! Online Brasil? We have specialized our website for your region. Would you like to switch to our Brazilian edition? ¡Hemos especializado nuestro sitio para tu región! ¿Quieres ir a E! Online Latino? We have specialized our website for your region. Would you like to switch to our Latino edition?  ex baby mama drama      Brought to you by 
                                 
 

									My boyfriends ex wife is a drama queen it got a little better when we moved 5 hours away. They have been divorced for 6 years after a 2 year marriage and they had a great co parenting relationship till I came in the picture 3 years ago. She doesn't like that I am 10 years younger and bi racial.  She doesn't believe in people dating outside their race and has said to my face bi racial people are an abomination . Now we are moving closer like 45 mins closer and the drama is starting up again.... I think it's going to be worse now that I am pregnant my boyfriend is a great dad she will be the first to tell you she hates him with me... She has had a boyfriend but when that fizzled out she started the drama again... Just venting 
								
My boyfriends ex wife is a drama queen it got a little better when we moved 5 hours away. They have been divorced for 6 years after a 2 year marriage and they had a great co parenting relationship till I came in the picture 3 years ago. She doesn't like that I am 10 years younger and bi racial.  She doesn't believe in people dating outside their race and has said to my face bi racial people are an abomination . Now we are moving closer like 45 mins closer and the drama is starting up again.... I think it's going to be worse now that I am pregnant my boyfriend is a great dad she will be the first to tell you she hates him with me... She has had a boyfriend but when that fizzled out she started the drama again... Just venting 
 

									Don't let her get in the way. Ex's like that only want one thing..to break u apart. Don't let her win.
								
Don't let her get in the way. Ex's like that only want one thing..to break u apart. Don't let her win.
 

									Follow the old saying "kill them with kindness" Don't stoop to her level avoid the drama as much as possible and enjoy your pregnancy. 
								
Follow the old saying "kill them with kindness" Don't stoop to her level avoid the drama as much as possible and enjoy your pregnancy. 
 

									We have been fighting with my husbands ex wife for 2 years. She is an NIGHTMARE. It's not as bad when she's in a relationship but when she's single and miserable she does whatever she can to disrupt our lives and act like a lunatic. I'm tired of spending money on lawyers to force her to adhere to the visitation agreement, i'm tired of doing damage control for the rumors and lies she spreads about us. She uses my stepdaughter to get back at us and I'm over it. She even took my sd to the beach on the day of our wedding so she couldn't be in the wedding. She pulled the same stunt on the day that we had a huge birthday party planned for my sd. DH and my brother went to pick her up 3 hours before the party started and he kept knocking on the door and she wouldn't answer. They sat in the driveway trying to call her and find out what was going on and the cops showed up. She had called them from the neighbors house saying that she felt threatened by him. Wtf. I'm over the whole damn situation and I would absolutely wash my hands of the whole thing if i could.
								
We have been fighting with my husbands ex wife for 2 years. She is an NIGHTMARE. It's not as bad when she's in a relationship but when she's single and miserable she does whatever she can to disrupt our lives and act like a lunatic. I'm tired of spending money on lawyers to force her to adhere to the visitation agreement, i'm tired of doing damage control for the rumors and lies she spreads about us. She uses my stepdaughter to get back at us and I'm over it. She even took my sd to the beach on the day of our wedding so she couldn't be in the wedding. She pulled the same stunt on the day that we had a huge birthday party planned for my sd. DH and my brother went to pick her up 3 hours before the party started and he kept knocking on the door and she wouldn't answer. They sat in the driveway trying to call her and find out what was going on and the cops showed up. She had called them from the neighbors house saying that she felt threatened by him. Wtf. I'm over the whole damn situation and I would absolutely wash my hands of the whole thing if i could.
 

									Sounds like his ex. It was his wkend which happened to be his birthday agreed to let him have her sending text saying daughter is ready he gets there and she isn't their and sends a pic with them at putt putt saying have a great birthday she did something similar on fathers day last year.  I could go on and on. I wish I could wash my hands but I love my boyfriend way to much. My parents were divorced and they didn't like each other but never put my brother and I in the middle like that so I don't understand parents who do that.
								
Sounds like his ex. It was his wkend which happened to be his birthday agreed to let him have her sending text saying daughter is ready he gets there and she isn't their and sends a pic with them at putt putt saying have a great birthday she did something similar on fathers day last year.  I could go on and on. I wish I could wash my hands but I love my boyfriend way to much. My parents were divorced and they didn't like each other but never put my brother and I in the middle like that so I don't understand parents who do that.
 

									My dh and I have been together 5 years and his ex still plays those games with the kids.  The kids are older and see what she does, but she is their BM so they do feel awkward about it.  Best advice?  Be as happy as possible and find a way to make the best of whatever drama she tries to bring your way.  She still says things here and there but we killed her with kindness and it helps us sleep at night.  Also, check out the book divorce poison if you start having issues with the kids.  It saved our family
								
My dh and I have been together 5 years and his ex still plays those games with the kids.  The kids are older and see what she does, but she is their BM so they do feel awkward about it.  Best advice?  Be as happy as possible and find a way to make the best of whatever drama she tries to bring your way.  She still says things here and there but we killed her with kindness and it helps us sleep at night.  Also, check out the book divorce poison if you start having issues with the kids.  It saved our family
 

									Kill em with kindness! Worst thing u can do is talk bad about kid's bm infront of the kid... Even though she's a witch she is still the mother.  When the kids get older, they will remember u were more civilized rather than the crazy lady! As for the whole bi-racial thing, just ignore her stupidity! I bet baby's stepsibling will be really excited to have a little brother or sister no matter what race!
								
Kill em with kindness! Worst thing u can do is talk bad about kid's bm infront of the kid... Even though she's a witch she is still the mother.  When the kids get older, they will remember u were more civilized rather than the crazy lady! As for the whole bi-racial thing, just ignore her stupidity! I bet baby's stepsibling will be really excited to have a little brother or sister no matter what race!
 

									My husbands ex is so nuts..lol I'm so glad she lives on the other side of the country... Just wish his daughter was with us.. She finds any excuse to try and degrade my husband...  I think it's all jealousy tho...lol
								
My husbands ex is so nuts..lol I'm so glad she lives on the other side of the country... Just wish his daughter was with us.. She finds any excuse to try and degrade my husband...  I think it's all jealousy tho...lol
  VIEW FULL SITE ABOUT WHAT TO EXPECT ABOUT EVERYDAY HEALTH INC. TERMS OF USE NEW PRIVACY POLICY  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             This Site and third parties who place advertisements on this Site may collect and use information about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like to obtain more information about these advertising practices and to make choices about online behavioral advertising, please  click here  Hate Baby Mama Drama? Here’s How to Avoid It… Popular Stories MadameNoire Video madamenoire.com Try Not to Take It Personally There should be no reason for your man’s ex and his child’s mother to hate you. After all, unless he cheated on her with you, there’s no reason for her to spew hate your way, right? If only it were that simple, but it’s not that easy. Most women who have a man’s child probably thought they’d marry him. They may have even gotten pregnant purposely in order to “keep” him. If she loved him, and still does love him, she probably doesn’t like you because she’s a bitter ex harboring ill feelings; and because she can’t have him and hasn’t moved on, she focuses her resentment towards you. There’s nothing you can do about that except ignore her and try not to take it personally. You may ask your man about the relationship and how it ended, but at the end of the day, his version and her version of the relationship will always be different, so trying to understand why she doesn’t like you might be futile. Just try your best to keep your distance and allow her time to get over it. Sometimes these things just don’t make any sense, so trying to make sense of it will only make you crazy. my partner and I have been trying for a baby for over two years now, We were going to a fertility clinic for about 5 months before somebody told us to contact this spell caster who is so powerful, We contacted him at this email; babaka.wolf@gmail.com , for him to help us, then we told him our problem, he told us that we will either conceive in February 2014 or March 2014,but after two years of trying we were at a point where we were willing to try anything. And I’m glad we came to Priest  Babaka, Because his pregnancy spell cast put us at ease, and I honestly believe him, and his gods really helped us as well, I am thankful for all he has done. contact him via email: babaka.wolf@gmail.com if you are trying to get a baby or want your lover back. he has powers to do it, he has done mine I am in a relationship withathe love of my life I love him so much and he loves me two but he have 2 kids with this crazy woman that drives me totally crazy and I feel like I am ready to gave up forever but every time I try to let him go he dont let me its been 5 years of nothing but stress and drama I dont know what else to do should I go or should I stay I would not date a man with children. When a man tells me he has kids, he gets approximately 1 minute of my time after that.  I let him know this will probably never turn in to more. I’ve met plenty of guys with no kids than to settle for this BS drama..Sorry! and I’m 29, men w/ no kids do exist, ladies.  I once had a guy to try to talk to me and we was getting along great until he dropped a bomb. He said he had no kids but he did. His daughter was being born the next day on day two of us talking. He said his baby mama had moved and she was acting funny to him. I ran faster than the roadrunner and let him know that his focus should be on his newborn and not on some new booty that he isnt going to get. He did his rant on black women not being understanding of his situation (yes he really did, the kicker is that his baby mama had a girl.) That was in February. He now has some white girl 5 months preg with a boy (so he basically had unprotected sex with another woman while his first kid was only two months and yet complained how his baby mama wouldnt let him keep her). smdh they both trashed his other baby mama on facebook. Im soo glad I meep meep like the road runner out of that messiness. I guess for some reason the moderators didn’t like my other post about this. But there is actual a BM syndrome (Divorce Related Malicious Mother Syndrome): A mother who unjustifiably punishes her divorcing or divorced husband by:Attempting to alienate their mutual child(ren) from the fatherInvolving others in malicious actions against the fatherEngaging in excessive litigationThe mother specifically attempts to deny her child(ren):Regular uninterrupted visitation with the fatherUninhibited telephone access to the fatherpaternal participation in the child(ren)’s school life and extra-curricular activitiesTile pattern is pervasive and includes malicious acts towards the husband including:Lying to the childrenLying to othersViolations of lawThe disorder is not specifically due to another mental disorder although a separate mental disorder may co-exist. Uh…correction.  Is this REALLY about a malicious baby mama?  Or, does the fault lie with a trifling man that is all about his needs over his wife, woman, or child he should be committed to the welfare of taking care of?  What is the technical term for these men?  I could think of a few, actually. While I do not begrudge a dude for having a past, I also have a right not to have his baby mama in my future. When things are the best between you and your S.O. those chickens come home to roost. She may lay low if she thinks you all are just kicking it but if you get something from him that she never had like say a proposal she’ll manifest. When you marry, do not be surprised if she blows a head gasket even if she’s halfway across the country. He won’t shut it down right away because it’s like a subtle stroke to his ego. His ego goes, “If she acting like this I must have really put it on her.” Act 2: if you go off on a tangent the plot just thickens. She acts up, you react, he steps in when if he’d just step up in the first place he could just nip it in the bud you wouldn’t have so much residual to deal with. Baby mamas may be a lot like drugs, “Just say no!” A baby mama is like new growth no matter how you relax and color they’re going to show up. Don’t start no stuff won’t be no stuff. Let the church say amen! As I am getting older, I don’t have time to play games. Life is too short. It would be nice and ideal if things didn’t work out, exes could be civil with one another but more often than not, that isn’t the case. That’s why it is even more important for both parties in a relationship to use protection if they are not married. It’s not fair to child to grow up without both parents together taking care of them. People need to stop being so non-chalant with sex and understand all the variables it holds(STD’s, pregnancies, hurt feelings, etc.) LOL you’re right.  The only time you have baby mama drama is when one (or both) of them have not truly let go. If there wasn’t still inappropriate feelings still involved 99% of the drama wouldn’t exist. The man shouldn’t move on until that ish is over and done with or HE should check that ish AS SOON AS it gets outta line. Most men don’t do that. I could go on and on about how disrespectful these baby mama’s are out here but that would start a riot!! LMAO If you’re under 35, then it’s definitely possible to opt to date only childless men and women. But as you get older, then the chances that you’ll find someone who’s never been married or in a LTR are pretty slim. These baby mama tips also apply to ex-wives. More reason to expand to other races as you get older. It’s not like that everywhere. There are some men who manage not to have children even if they’re in their 40s or 50s.  Co-sign on this.  A lot has to do with acceptable norms in different races.  If you don’t want to deal with a man with kids at 35+, you might need to explore “other” racial options.  Not everyone man is down with having a baby mama or two, etc…. One thing I’ve noticed with the whole baby mama drama thing is that many times, the true drama ends up involving the new girlfriend and the baby mama and not the DADDY! The daddy will sit back and let you two go at it, while he just calls her ‘crazy.’  this is what really gets me! All the more reason to leave that type of dude in the first place. The solution to this problem seems very simple to me.  If you’re dating a man with kids, and his ex shows the slightest bit of crazy, run in the other direction (meep-meep!)  You can tell a lot about a person by their dating past, as well as by the way that they treat their exes who have their children.  But if a man has such a wild woman as his baby mama, there’s a part of me that will wonder what drew them together in the first place.  And I agree that a lot of this mess could be avoided if people made better, more thoughtful decisions about who to get involved with.  At the same time however, there are so many women who are scared away from being a stepmother (and understandably so) because they don’t want to deal with this, and the kids are the ones that miss out.  Although there are some insane women out there, I don’t think that people should rule out dating someone with kids, because all situations aren’t the same.  Anyway, the advice in this article is great. “If you’re dating a man with kids, and his ex shows the slightest bit of crazy, run in the other direction (meep-meep!)” “But if a man has such a wild woman as his baby mama, there’s a part of me that will wonder what drew them together in the first place.” “Although there are some insane women out there, I don’t think that people should rule out dating someone with kids, because all situations aren’t the same. Anyway, the advice in this article is great.” In all three of those statements, you specifically label the woman as the problem, whether it be because she is ‘crazy’, ‘wild’, or ‘insane’. I also prefer to not date a man with children. I don’t have any children and I’m not looking for a ready-made family. However, if I do choose to get involved, it will be with someone who has one child by one woman and he has to have a respectful, civil relationship with her. If I even sense any drama, I won’t hesitate to leave. Been there and done that…. I’m right there with you. Exactly! If u have kids early then grow up and move on then ususally u accept a partner with kids because u have them but some baby mommas are just jealous and miserable because the daddy stepped his game up. I say pray and make sure you are not being disrespected. Stupid babymomma usually run out of options. Make better choices in men and you won’t have baby mama drama. Make better choices in men and you won’t have baby mama drama. Telling that to most b/w is like telling them to do brain surgery with no training. THIS!!! I agree to a certain degree. Some men have 2 or 3 baby mamas & just eff’d up all around. Run from them! But if men make better choices in your sexual escapes (like using protection) and you won’t have babies. But since this is the topic we’re on, it is a man’s responsibility to step up and take control of a situation like this. This can not be blame on a woman who  is wanting to settle down. For the most part, you don’t know there’s drama until later.  Typical.  Tell women what they need to do while never addressing the behavior in men. I didn’t even have to read the article to tell you the best way to avoid it is to get married to a decent man first and then have his children or if he already has kids, make sure he has a good relationship with the mother of his kids before you start dating. . .  Page 3 is the kicker! Let him do the talking….but if he doesn’t and just let the baby momma talk to you any ol kinda way….it’s hard not to defend yourself. I guess you have to just love yourself enough to know it’s time to go at that point! (talking to myself) If you are just a girlfriend while the baby momma disrespects you then it’s time to let that relationship go if it happens more than once. If you are the wife, you are permanent fixture and need to let it be known that you, her, and him will need to come together to successfully co-parents the kids. After all, it is about the best interest of the child NOT PEOPLE’S HURT FEELINGS. Just my opinion. You wanna know how I avoid it?By not getting with a man with kids!!There’s still alot out there.I completely stop talking to a guy if he has kids shallow maybe but I’m 21 years old and a college student why should I settle for a man that already began a family…I can’t deal with the jealousy and the competition. of course you are 21. some college aged adults arent even responsible enough to go to class much less work on a consistent basis. so what makes anybody think they’ll have a sensible relationship with someone? Your friends/spouses/boyfriends are fragments of you. it just that we cant see their faults as our own too. find the right person whether they be with or without children. you’ll know who’s worth your time. Yea I feel you..I just don’t want a guy with kids because most of the time the baby mama and them still have something going on and they obviously had sex without a condom so either they were serious or he was just plain irresponsible. Mouthful said right here! You are NOT shallow. You are on the money. Just don’t let these folks out here make you feel bad for having this standard. I had people make me feel like I was scum of the earth for having just doubts about dating a man with kid(s).  My favorite comment from them- ‘don’t fault him for having kids. If you had children, you wouldn’t want someone to treat you like that.’ Treat him like what, lol?  Well, after several experiences of giving these complexed relationships a try, I am like ‘whatever!’ Life is already complicated, I don’t need a man’s baby mama drama. Dude should handle that mess before starting a new relationship anyway. Better yet, try to work it out with her- you’ve already created a family anyway. Ikr I don’t need that in my life! @chakakhanian:disqus
^^this!!!! Yes!!! I once had a friend tell me how I was so selfish because I didnt date men with kids and needed to get use to most men having one kid (even if they didnt tell you about it) at our age of 24. smdh She on the other hand only dated men with no kids because she wanted her kids to come first with the man and for him to treat hers as his and felt it was okay for her with 3 kids to diss men with kids and complain about how he would treat her kids second to his kids.. She hopped from childless man to child less man and had 3 kids by each childless one. Well she got married to a man without kids and they have a kid together. He posts pics of the kid he has with her (only one) while she posts pics of all 4 of her kids. Kinda ironic isnt it? Your friends told you not to fault him for having children while they would probably turn around and fault a woman for having children. Even if all is well now, if y’all last there’s a stage
disguising its self as graduation, weddings, holidays, spring break, and summer vacations  where the curtains are drawn back and the drama unfolds. At 21 you’re right you don’t need an instant family.  But if you are still single when you are 30 plus the likelihood of a man not having kids/ex shrinks considerably.  I never knowingly dated a man with kids, I don’t have any so why should I bother. But good luck to the women that do. I thought this was a good article. I lot of it is from common sense and wisdom. Just confirms that you it takes a lot of love, patience and being secure in who you are to be involved with someone who has kids. If the other party is serious about pursuing a relationship with you, I advise to inquire as much as you can about his/her involvement with the ex so you know up front where things stand. Most women like this don’t have parental problems with the man, they have personal problems and oddly seek acknowledgment and validation from the child’s father. i read the first 2 and then stopped.
i figured if i don’t have kids i’m better off dating someone with no kids. CO-SIGN! I’m glad I never have that baby mama drama, I have a daughter with my ex husband but him and my fiance (who has no kids yet) get along well. But I knew women who had the baby mama drama, even my cousin. She started dating her boyfriend and his baby mama would spread rumors about her having AIDS and my cousin didn’t do anything, the baby mama started hatin on my cousin ASAP. MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2010-2016 Moguldom Media Group. All Rights Reserved | Moguldom Multicultural  Brooks Ayers’ baby mama Nicolette Catanzarite says Brooks never sees their 3-year-old child 

		Maci is pregnant again!
	 

		New L&HH baby!
	 
Top Categories
 RELATED ARTICLES Maci Bookout is pregnant with a baby boy! 
Top Posts
 
Recent Posts
 Tara Wallace baby born: Love & Hip Hop star gives birth to third child with Peter Gunz Lamar Odom divorce: Recovering star reportedly plans to take back control of his life Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar criticized for leaving kids to visit Central America How much of Real Housewives of Potomac is real? Multiple sources allege false premise Vikings Season 4 spoilers and speculation Can there be an election year Senate confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice? Lisa Vanderpump fights claims she is the new RHOBH villain REPORT Scott Disick ‘nearly died’ of cocaine overdose, drunk for three days in New York City Kylie Jenner allegedly bribing Tyga to stay with her, keep quiet about Kardashian family secrets Mob Wives’ Big Ang offers new cancer update, reunion special tidbits Rob & Blac’s Fancy Party: Couple reportedly planning Miley-sized wedding despite family disapproval 


							
							VIDEOS Teen Mom OG finale preview clips for Amber, Farrah, Maci and
						
 


							
							VH1 movie The Breaks to be a series premiering late 2016
						
 


							
							Love & Hip Hop reunion spoilers:  New details on Remy Ma and
						
 


							
							Kanye West for President: New tweets foreshadow 2020 run
						
 


							
							PHOTOS Teen Mom after show host Nessa dating SF qb Colin Kaepernick
						
 


							
							LINKS Married At First Sight dress auction, Tyga rejects Beatle, Kyle
						
  Vicki Gunvalson has received plenty of backlash since engaging in a relationship with Brooks Ayers. Ayers’ dirty laundry was broadcast on the internet shortly after they began dating and fans were shocked at what they saw. Ayers is a dead beat dad who owes child support to the mother of his children. He was even thrown behind bars for his lack of payment. After all the negative things she said about Slade, how could she date someone like that? Now, Ayers’ baby mama is dishing even more to the press. Nicolette Catanzarite, the mother of Ayers’ three-year-old son, is speaking to ABC’s 20/20, and not holding back. “He has not supported his child. He bailed on the hospital bill, the pediatrician bill, and left me with all of it.”  “I met Brooks in 2007 in Atlanta on a golf trip and he was just kind of a Southern charmer without a doubt.” Catanzarite said. “He did mention he was going through a divorce and was legally separated and that he had three children. It wasn’t appropriate that he would ask me to marry him while he was still married so he gave me a promise ring.” Catanzarite also revealed that when they first began their relationship, Ayers claimed to not want anymore children and even told her he had a vasectomy. However, a few months later, Catanzarite found out she was pregnant. Soon after their son’s birth, Ayers disappeared and hasn’t been in their son’s life since. “No birthdays, no cards for Christmas, no phone calls, nothing,” Catanzarite said. Two years ago, she filed for child support and Ayers was ordered to pay her $700 per month, which she says she hasn’t been getting. Ayers was even arrested for his failure to pay. Ayers denies all of Catanzarite’s claims. “I speak to my kids every day,” Ayers recently said during a recent interview, and his girlfriend Vicki is standing by him. Hopefully, Vicki won’t blame Tamra for this! UPDATE – Watch the 20/20 clip and see more photos of Nicolette Catanzarite (with and without Brooks Ayers) here! 

// <![CDATA[
_gos='c3.gostats.com';_goa=362554;
_got=5;_goi=1;_gol='Get free webstats with GoStats.';_GoStatsRun();
// ]]&gt;  No surprise there. How is Vicky going to “spin this” ? Well, he rented her a fur coat so he MUST be rich. -head desk- CORRECTION…. He didn’t rent it.  He paid for it with the credit card that SHE gave HIM… Love is not only blind, but it makes you insane.  That was how Vicki behaved when Tamra ripped Babbling Brooks a new one for causing friction over an eye roll.  Vicki went postal (her voice deepened lower than Linda Blair’s in the Exorcist) as she chastised both Tamra and Briana for a man who looks and moves like a doddering old coot.  (I can’t believe he’s 45 when he looks over 60!) I REFUSE to believe that he’s 45.  He looks like hot garbage. So is she going to blame Tamara for this one too? Crooks isnt speaking out on the 20/20 interview..but he has changed his twitter profile picture tohim holding a baby boy. I guess that changes everything…LOL…LOL…NOT! Stop spamming all these sites witth your ignorant views and opinions. You and your deadbeat are as stupid as Vicki and hers. Fur coat = “joint checking account”  So Vicky paid for the coat, Brooks just picked it out.  As smart as Vicky is, she really thinks the people around her are stupid.  I feel sorry for her kids. I don’t understand  why a woman is so willing to have unprotected sex, leaving herself open to a pregnancy that is clearly unwanted by the father as well as subjecting herself to any std’s from a man she really didn’t know. Yes, he said he had a vasectomy, and he clearly said he didn’t want any more children. Now, if you go ahead and get knocked up, the man should not have to pay for the next 18 years or more. Women need to stop doing this to men and to the children they bear for the sake of padding their pockets I do not understand why a MAN is so willing to have unprotected sex, leaving himself open to impregnating, STD and lying about his ability to impregnate(and his intentions).  If you go ahead and knock someone up SHE should not have to pay for the next 18 years(and not just in currency but her lifestyle). MEN need to stop doing this and simply put on a condom!!!  Teen Mom OG‘s surprised her fans with a big Valentine’s Day announcement: She is expecting baby No. 3 and is already pretty far along! Get a full look at the sweet picture she shared and what details she revealed. The Tara Wallace baby is here! It’s a Valentine’s weekend delivery for the Love & Hip Hop star, who’s just given birth to her third child with Peter Gunz. Read on for the latest! 

								© 2014 - 2016 starcasm.net, All Rights Reserved.

								Web design Austin | Cooper Design
  Dwight Howard -- Baby Mama Royce Reed Wants $100k to Fight Him in Court 
Dwight Howard
Baby Mama Wants $100k
To Fight Him in Court
 SIGN IN ABOUT TMZ CONTACT TMZ SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW TMZ APPS TMZ TMZ LIVE TMZ SPORTS See also You may like Find out when TMZ Live is on near you! Around The Web 



1








          11/25/2012 6:57 AM PST BY TMZ STAFF
 
 
 
 TMZ Live: Paul McCartney: Music Legend REJECTED at Grammy After-Party Kanye West Shopping at Jacob & Co.   HERE'S THE RUNDOWN The Weeknd's Big Night Ended Face-to-Face with Police Kaley Cuoco May Have a New Man: Sam Hunt! Manny Pacquiao is in Hot Water over His Anti-Gay Comments Scott Disick: Heading to 'Dancing with the Stars"?  Looks like Kanye West has competition in the "shoes worth selling your soul for" department ... from Michael Jordan and Drake ... whose new collab shoe is the new flavor of the…